Between You and Me, Charming 
Prince Charming’s Diary. Book 27, Year 20. KEEP OUT (until I publish. Then please enjoy.)

Dear Diary,

I do so love starting a new Diary. Too bad I have nothing interesting to write about anymore. I am so bored, it is not even funny. Really, the most interesting thing that happened today was when Father made this ridiculous joke that involved a roast, a carving knife, and a peasant losing his head. Terrible. He thought it was hilarious. He can be sooo unfeeling sometimes. I just don’t get him. I think I am about done with doing this whole “prince” thing. Royalty is just not doing anything for me anymore. 

To stay unread until I resume, Charming

Dear Diary, 

The jester told my father that he smells bad today, and was executed immediately. When jesters can’t speak the truth, who can?

Feeling sour of humor, Charming

Dear Diary,

I tried to commiserate about the loss of the jester with my little brother, but he just crossed his stubby arms and said he agreed with father. “Royal stink is to be appreciated, not mocked,” he said. “And that there was something funny about that guy anyway.” 
I tried to explain that this was the point of a jester, but he just put his fingers in his ears and went “Lalalalala!” in a tuneless and horrible manner. He has been unbearable lately. More so than usual, I mean.

At least I’m the cute one, Charming

Dear Diary, 

That is it. I quit. Father belched at lunch today, right in front of the Earl of Nottingham. As could be expected of my little brother, Christopher laughed so hard that milk squirted out of his nose. The Earl, on the other hand, was not so impressed. 	
I just can’t live like this anymore. I mean, even discounting my crazy family, people are still always trying to get me to sign things, or to play sports, or to fight people. I am sick of it. All I really like about being a prince are the court dance classes anyway. I think I’ll become a minstrel. 

To stay secret, Charming

Dear Diary,

I looked up “minstrelsy” in the castle library today, and it referred to a strange style of entertainment. I don’t think it’s for me. Aside from requiring three people (I’m more of a solo artist), minstrelsy would also require me to paint my face black. I don’t really like the thought of covering my princely features.

Minstrelsy is not bound to be a cake walk, Charming

Dear Diary,

Mommy says there are two kinds of minstrels and that I should be the kind without black paint so that I don’t get sued. All the other kind of minstrel has to do is play the lute and tell awesome stories and beat back adoring fans. Sounds like the perfect job for Moi.

Makeup makes me break out anyway, Charming

Dear Diary,

I went over to the Kingdom of Kyric today to discuss my new plans with, who else? My best friend Charming (my parents’ generation had no originality). I came into his room to find him sitting on the floor, a quill frantically scratching away at an abused-looking piece of parchment. 
“What are you working on today?” I asked him.
He spared me the briefest of looks though his shiny, Princely locks, and then collapsed backwards onto the Persian rug. “Thanks, Char,” he said sarcastically. “You’ve completely shattered the precocious glass sphere that is the realm of creative inspiration. Again.”
“Don’t you mean precarious?” 
“No! I don’t!” 
(The other Charming considers himself to be a poet. It’s something we all just have to live with.)
“Guess what!” I said, accidentally stepping on his blotted and holey parchment as I made to sit beside him. 
“What now?” he sighed. I couldn’t figure out the reason behind the world-weariness in his voice. 
“I’m going to be a minstrel!”
“A minstrel.”
“Yeah, isn’t it great?”
“Is this kind of like the time you decided to become a pirate and made me buy a parrot that bit my princely nose?”
“No.”
“Or the time you decided to become a peasant and made me carry your bags because you couldn’t afford a horse?”
“No, not really.”
“Or the time―” 
“No. It’s not like any of those other times,” I insisted. “I’m really serious about this one. Minstrels are awesome. Everybody loves them. This is my passion! This is what I really want to do with my life!!!”
Charming blinked at me. “So go do it.”
“There’s one little problem.”
“What?”
“I can’t play the lute.” 
Charming very carefully shifted so as to cover the lute case hanging on his wall, like I had forgotten it was there. “That’s unfortunate.”
“But you can play the lute.”
“No.”
“Yes you can.”
“I’ve forgotten.”
“No you haven’t.”
“Charming….”
“Will you teach me?”
The other Charming started, his usually sad eyes pleasantly surprised. “Oh. Of course. No problem at all!”
“What did you think I was going to ask?”
“That I leave the comfort of my princely life, forswear princess rescuing, and voluntarily make myself destitute and penniless in order to travel with you as your official lute player.”
I stared at him. And stared some more. The other Charming shifted uncomfortably. 
“Charming,” I said, in awe, “You’re brilliant. That’s a much better idea! We’ll be unstoppable! Thank you so much for offering!”
Charming flopped back onto the rug and sighed again, and I think that means he is excited too. 
Just one problem―if we’re going to perform together, one of us is going to have to change our name. It’s not gonna be me. 
Always and forever, Charming

Dear Diary, 
Charming and I had our first rehearsal today. I think it went pretty well. I thought his lute playing was slightly off-tune, but practice makes perfect. We will work on our harmony later. First we’re going to need some stories to tell. I’m thinking of adapting my entire life up until now into a bardly song. That should do it.

Now to compile the tale, Charming

Dear Diary,

I’m sad. Charming refuses to play if we’re going to sing my life story. We tried today, starting after dinner, and at around four a.m., Charming put his foot down in a very unprincely manner, doing some serious damage to his last-season boots. Fortunately.
“This isn’t going to work, Char,” he said. 
“You can’t stop now! We’re only at my fifth birthday!”
“Exactly.”
And then he fell asleep on my floor. 
And father beheaded half of my staff the next day for allowing a prince to sleep on the floor. 
Why are people so uncooperative? 

Suffering for my art, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Charming cancelled our rehearsal today because he claims he has other things to do. He is very flakey and unreliable. I think I’m going to have to have some backup, just in case he doesn’t come through. I decided to ask my brother.
“Christopher!” I called sweetly at his door. 
“What do you want?” snapped a voice that sounded grumpy like Chrissy, but slightly off. Concerned, I leaned closer to the door and asked him if he was feeling alright.
“I’m feeling fine, you… dumb… headless… thing…. Now go away.”
I knew immediately that something was wrong. Chrissy’s insults always end in “face.” You know, dumbface, uglyface, NormandyFace. Much superior to “Headless thing.” I carefully opened the door, and, as I suspected, it was not Chrissy sitting in the big chair by the fire, but a male servant who was so much taller than Chrissy that his feet didn’t swing above the floor. 
The servant looked terrified. “Prince Charming! Don’t you know better than to come into Prince Christopher’s room without invitation?”
“Not when Chrissy isn’t here,” I said. “Where is he? Are you covering for him?”
“Maybe,” said the servant. And it was a yes kind of maybe, not a no kind of maybe. 
“Where did he go?”
“I can’t tell you!”
“Why not?”
“He commanded me not to.”
“Well, I command you to tell me.”
The servant then put his grimy, servanty hands over his ears and said, “Just what I need. Conflicting prince demands. May as well cut my own head off. I can’t win this one. See you in Hell, Charming.” 
And he left. 
I thought he was overreacting a bit. 
I inscribed a note to Chrissy, which I left on his dresser: 


Dearest Little Brother,
	I am endeavoring to become the greatest musician in the land, and I would like your help in creating my band of bards. I was thinking you could be a backup singer, since front men have to be tall and all that, so I think that will have to be Moi. Let me know right away. 
	~Charming
 That should do it. 

Flattery never fails, Charming

Dear Diary,

Today was quite possibly the worst day of my life. First, I woke up to Chrissy’s tall manservant (who still had his head, by the way. As I said: overreacting) explaining in a fearful voice that Chrissy was not interested in being a part of my band. I asked why, and the servant put his hands over his ears again.
“Don’t ask, Sir Prince!” he moaned. “Such language to a prince will get my head knocked off for sure! Let’s just say that Chrissy’s not looking for fame and fortune at this time. Well, at least not fame. Fortune would be nice. But he can handle that on his own.”
“What do you mean?”
He looked horrified again. “I have said too much!” he screamed, and fled from the room as if followed by a band of smelly ogres. After that, things really began to go downhill. The other Charming came up to me, looking thoroughly frazzled. 
“There is no way.” He said, looking slightly smug like he had a real excuse. I, being the inquisitive type, had to know what could possibly allow someone to bear the illusion of smugness in my presence.
“There is no way you will not be going with me to seek out fame and fortune?”
“I am sorry. It simply can’t be done. Chrissy is not old enough to be running off with us, and I don’t want to be responsible for his hygiene….”
I stopped listening as he began to rattle off all of the things he would have to be responsible for: flossing, hand-washing, hairstyling, nail-clipping and so on.
“Chrissy is short and angsty,” I said when Charming began to peter off, mumbling nonsense (hand-not-licking, ear-enhancement, etc). “He is not a little child. We won’t need to watch every little thing he does, we just need a backup singer.”
“I do think there’s a law somewhere about the legal age of backup singers….”
“As long as we keep out of Normandy, we’ll be fine.”
“I suppose………………………………..………….”
I cut off his pause with a hand gesture. “Really, Charming. It will be fine. Chrissy will be our backup singer, and you won’t have to remind him to brush his teeth. Promise.”
Charming sighed a poet’s sigh. He is getting quite good at them. Maybe his poetry will catch up soon. “Well, you go tell him that, and then we will have to see, I guess.” 

I have a lot of work to do, Charming

Dear Diary,

 I think I am going to kill him cry. I met with Chrissy, and he was being so angsty, and so short, I couldn’t get a word in. 
“Boyband?” he sneered when I mentioned it.
“I didn’t say Boyba―”
 	“Ew, I don’t wanna be in no stinkin’ boy band. Go away.”
“But Chrissy, it’s not a Boyband, it’s a band of boys who play music and are 
minst―”
“I’m too busy.”
“But―”
“Busy.”
The door closed. 
Well, at least I don’t have to argue with Charming anymore.

Here goes, Charming

Dear Diary, 

It thickens. The broth has cooled. I think lunch is ready. In addition, there are even more problems in the plot. Charming is grounded.

Who gets grounded at nineteen? Charming


Dear Diary,

At first, Charming refused to submit to my questioning. 
“You have run out of excuses. We are not bringing Chrissy, there will be indoor plumbing, I will fold the toilet paper into an aesthetically pleasing triangle after using the toilet, which will be there, and, I assure you, ‘they’ will not all hate you.”
“Well, I just don’t want to go.”
“Have you really run out of ideas? Maybe you’re just not creative enough to be in a minstrelsy Boyband.”
“Fine. I am grounded. I am not allowed to go. That is it.” 
A lead weight sunk in the pit of my stomach. He is such a goody-good! 
“You can’t be grounded,” I said matter-of-factly. “You’re a prince. And you never do anything wrong.”
“I didn’t exactly do something wrong…”
“See! Not grounded.”
“Well, maybe not grounded….”
“You are such a liar.”
“I’m not grounded. But I can’t go.” He actually looked slightly put out. “My parents said I have to stay in town until I find a nice princess.”
I ruminated on this for a moment. “That’s not right,” I said slowly. “Who are you supposed to marry, your sister?” The Kingdom of Kyric has a population of four. “Princesses have to be rescued. That entails leaving town.”
“Well, tell it to my parents.” 
“Your parents are deaf.”
“Exactly! See why I can’t argue with them?”
And because I am not blind, I did see. Nothing could be done. Charming would be trapped in the Kingdom of Kyric forever with no one but his inbred babies to keep him company. 

Guess I’ll go solo, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I decided it’s time. Even though Charming and Chrissy are completely lame, I just had to make my big debut. My life is just beginning. I made that annoying servant open the front gate, smelled the morning, and began my epic journey, on foot. Minstrels don’t bring their trusty steeds along these days. It is out of style. 
 Unfortunately, I got a little bit hungry an hour after I left the palace, so I had to come back.  But I made it all the way to the blacksmith’s place before I couldn’t go on. I think I am making real progress.

 Love, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I asked Christopher if my running away yesterday scared him and made him appreciate me more. I thought the answer had to be yes, since he has been moping around in his room all day, but he didn’t even answer my question. 
“Look, freak-face,” (this is the kind of Chrissy insult I expect), “I’m having a crappy day and I don’t care and just go away cuz I hate your little voice in my ear.”
So I repeated the question more loudly, in my large voice.  
He threw his pillow, which he had been covering his head with, at poor little me.  He sat up and pointed a stubby finger in my freak face. “You have no idea what I’ve been through today!”
“What happened?”
“I had to hang out with Jerkin.”
I cringed.
“I know. Mom paid me to be nice to him, and I had to take him out to ice cream, and listen to all his problems while he talked with his stupid lisp. He was being a freakin’ farmerface, and wanted to tell me all about his dance classes, and this, and that, but he got side-tracked. Instead, he told me a dumb story about this guy from my Prince Academy that he follows around.” 
He said this prince was trying to save a damsel in distress, but due to an unlucky set of circumstances and a faulty contact lens, he kissed the witch. Now he is stuck there until she decides that she is ‘done wit him’. She has a rather sizable mole too. 
 It is getting to be too dangerous to be a prince. It looks like I had the right idea when I decided to be a minstrel. Minstrels don’t have to go anywhere near moles that don’t happen to be situated just so. 
I’ll pack some rolls tomorrow so that I don’t get hungry. 

I am brilliant, Charming.

Dear Diary, 

I have finally made it out, and I am roaming the open land in a very cool and bardly manner. Things don’t seem to look like they used to though. Last time I was this far from the castle, there were more princesses about. I wonder where they all went. I don’t know if I will be able to live without someone to gossip with.

Talking to myself, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I ran out of food today. I made a peasant slaughter his last cow so that I could eat. It was a little bit stringy. Oh well. I have to start my minstrel act soon, so that I can buy something decent to eat. Peasant food is terrible. I had to purge it a few minutes ago. Ew.

Between you and me, Charming

Dear Diary, 

 Sorry I haven’t written for a while. Things have been tough. I realized today that if I’m going to be a minstrel, I need a story to tell. It’s hard to convince people to pay you when you have no actual performance. I figured that all I had to do was look pretty and carry a lute around. But no. I actually have to do stuff. Either that, or keep sleeping on the ground. And lutes make terrible pillows. I guess I’ll have to do something exciting so I can tell people about it.

Standing on my head, Charming

Dear Diary,

Guess what! I actually found a story more interesting than Moi standing on my head! Crazy, I know. 
I asked this really gross peasant with a fungal growth on his face which way it was to Grom’s Tavern. I figured that would be a good place to start telling stories, since everyone would have their heads in buckets of ale. But Fungus Man, instead of giving me directions, started telling a story. I thought he was just rambling, but then I heard a familiar name….
“Prince Charming set out on his noble steed for the dark castle,” Fungus Man said. And since he certainly wasn’t talking about me (I, of course, haven’t even had a noble steed since they went out of style) I knew he must have been talking about the other Charming. 	
“Which castle?” I asked. “Charming is grounded.”
“The boy finally got wise and snuck out,” snapped Fungus Man. “Wouldn’t you?”
“Well, I suppose so….”
“Are you done interrupting?”
“Hmm, I guess.”
And Fungus Man went on.
 	“It was cold, too cold. And dark, too dark. It was also quiet. Not too quiet though. Anyway, Charming finally made it to the castle, and he was all like ‘Man, I don’t feel like climbing that wall. I ate a few pounds of cookies fifteen minutes ago, and I wouldn’t want to get cramps.’ Therefore, he stayed the night at the foot of the castle, resolved to climb it the next morning. At this juncture, the evil witch noticed him, lounging at the base of the tower. She decided to hatch a scheme. It was a schemely scheme. 
“The next day, when Charming began to climb the wall, he felt very strong and noble. He worked out every day for just such an activity, and it really cut into his knitting time. He climbed about halfway up, but then the witch enchanted the top half of the tower to become slippery. As Charming began to slide, he tried to flip his hair, in order to distract the wall sufficiently that it would not notice him still hanging on. It was all for naught. He slipped, and began to fall freely….					
-	
-
-
-
-
“The princess saw this and felt she needed to save him, even though she had been having a rather nice time with the witch, Helga. Princess Jessica jumped out of the window. Helga rather liked Jessica, and so she enchanted her to fall slowly. Meanwhile, Jessica flipped her hair and, as could be expected, gravity became too distracted to worry much about smashing Charming against the ground.  She caught him on the way down, and they lived happily ever after.”
I just couldn’t believe it. This is so unlike him! To run off and eat fifteen pounds of cookies!

It will go straight to his hips, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

Today, I noticed a spot on my favorite tights that was approximately the size and shape of Father’s nose. For obvious reasons, it was imperative to find a way to have them cleaned, away from the castle, as soon as possible. I was walking past the river where some of the peasant women do their washing, and I thought I’d ask them to clean my tights while they were at it. It’s quite annoying not having servants to do my laundry, but it’s the price I must pay. The woman with the gigantic nose agreed and I dipped my feet into the cool water beside her while she took care of my tights. 
But then she turned that hideous nose to the woman next to her and said in a low, scandalous voice, “Have you heard?”
I knew that I certainly had not heard anything that merited a “Have you heard?” in weeks, so of course I was instantly captivated. The other lady, whose skin was tinged an unfortunate shade of grey, said, “Heard what?”
“Prince Christopher is refusing to leave his room!”
Grey clutched a wet stocking to her disturbingly ample bosom. “No!”
“Yes!” shrieked Nose. “First Charming runs away to become a musician,” (she looked at me and said it with such contempt that I was tempted to tell her off, but then remembered such a thing would give away my true identity.) “and now Christopher’s locked himself away over some slave girl in the next kingdom over.”
“What slave girl?” I asked, unable to help myself. Chrissy had never mentioned any slave girl to me before. I have to admit, I was a bit hurt that he would keep such a thing from me. But at least this explained the behavior of his servant. 
Nose looked at me with an expression I have never seen a woman direct at me before. If I didn’t know I looked so dashing in my minstrel outfit, I would have thought it was contempt. “Aren’t you minstrels supposed to be up to date on current events?” and she turned huffily back to Grey, leaving me to stare at her in confusion. 
Grey was shaking her head. “A runaway and a servant-lover. What is the king doing to those boys?”
Belching and beheading jesters. But the two of them were so bad-tempered, I did not offer up this bit of vital information. They hardly deserved it. 
“But anyway,” Nose went on, “Servant or not, this girl is supposed to be beautiful. More beautiful than the queen!”
“Well, everyone is more beautiful than our queen.”
I felt quite flustered at this. How dare they say such things about Mommy? Just because she’s not the fairest of them all does not mean that these hideous creatures can insult her! 
Nose sniffed and began washing my tights rather less gently than they could withstand, squishing them between bony, skeletal fingers. “But anyway. I hear this queen had the girl killed!”
“Killed!” rasped Grey. “For being pretty?”
“A good reason, I should think,” said Nose. “It isn’t the duty of a servant to be pretty. This girl should have known her place and stuck to it, rather than reaching so far above her station. Not that it matters now. The girl’s heart is in a box on the queen’s vanity, so the justification is neither here nor there. But when the news got back to Christopher, well, he just shut himself up in his tunic closet and is refusing to take meals!”
“How did Christopher know this girl?”
“Apparently he’s been stalking her for ages. Peeping around bushes to watch her scrub the flagstones. He says she can talk to squirrels and birds, but I think that might be a dirty sort of metaphor.”
 Poor Chrissy! He has always been such a sensitive little boy, deep, deep, deep down. He was always complaining about being “mizzunderstood”, misspelling words in his graffiti, and trying to be manly to fight his fear of people realizing how short he is. He may have been happy with a servant girl. A princess may have taller expectations. And if he didn’t like her, he could have beheaded her, no questions asked. A perfect arrangement for my small-statured brother. Poor, poor thing. I think I’ll write him a letter to make him feel better. 

A brother’s duty is never done, Charming

Dear Diary, 

My life is officially over. I have my first show tomorrow and my lucky tights have shrunk. That stupid Nose! She did this on purpose to sabotage me! I added a postscript at the end of my letter to Chrissy suggesting that he have her exiled as soon as possible. 

 Barelegged and shamefaced, Charming.

Dear Diary, 

My first show was a disaster. On top of the tights tragedy, I remembered that I can’t play the lute. 
 I was trying to tell the story of Princess Jessica and Charming, but some ugly peasant lady kept interrupting. She tried to tell me that the couple didn’t actually live happily ever after. I didn’t get it and she was really annoying so in the end I just stormed offstage. Everyone clapped. At first, I thought this was because they liked me. But then I realized it: they were clapping because they were happy I was clearing the stage.
I went back to my campsite by the river and brooded on the bank. It made me feel very princely and attractive. After a few minutes, I noticed something floating toward me. A piece of parchment in an open bottle. It looked rather sad and lonely. I pulled the drenched thing out of the water and shook it out a bit. The ink was runny, but I could still make out the script. 
There is a house
And it is beautiful.
It is polished and it shines.
	 
But nobody lives in it
And nobody uses its contents 
And nobody wears the shoes
In its closets.
 
I know this house is valuable.
It is great and wide and tall
It has splendid rooms for all to see
And even better ones they can’t.
 
So I just think that it should know
In case it feels unused, or alone.
There are people who would kill to have it,
And to them, it is worth much more than just timber and glass.

Charming

His bad poetry made me think back to the heckler at my show and suddenly it all came together. Charming hadn’t lived happily ever after at all. She was right. That horrible Princess Jessica must have dumped him! And now, rather than facing that she doesn’t like him, he’s come up with an excuse for why she broke up with him. Something along the lines of, “In order to love others, you have to love yourself first.” That sounds like the overdone sort of theme that Charming would write about. He must have written her this to reassure her that he is just a misunderstood house, so that they could get back together. 
Well, I think he is too good for her. I am going to make sure she doesn’t get his message.

This poem would do well under a rock, Charming	

Dear Diary,

I need a new act. People don’t seem to like the story of the other Charming very much. I tried to tell it with a new slant last night, posing the prince as a tragic figure who died alone in the end, clutching a bottle of his own tears. I was booed offstage. I couldn’t blame anyone though; it was a very depressing ending. 
I found another of Charming’s poems this morning. I think I’d like to find him and tell him to stop obsessing over this girl. I saw her this morning, and she’s pretty ugly anyway. I’m heading west tomorrow to try and find some new stories. Maybe I’ll run into Charming. 

Hopefully, Charming

Dear Diary,

I’ve written Chrissy again to alert him of my latest good deed. You’ll never guess who I found today!
Like I told you, I started traveling to find stories, and instead of finding a story, I found the servant girl he’s in love with! And she isn’t dead either. Well, not exactly anyway. But kinda. She still has a heart in any case.
 	I can’t imagine how any simple servant girl could get into the situation that this girl was in. It was really hot this afternoon, and I’d been walking through the woods for a very long time and was starting to get lightheaded, so at first, I thought I was hallucinating. I entered a clearing and found six shabbily dressed men, none of whom were even half the size of Chrissy, surrounded by a bunch of distressed-looking wildlife, crying their eyes out. After blinking a few times and draining a cup of water I demanded one of them fetch me, I realized that this was no hallucination. 
I asked one of the men who, though sobbing, looked ready to nod off at any moment, what the problem was. 
The little man yawned, wiped his eyes, and said sleepily, “Our sister is dead.”
This tugged at my sensitive heartstrings. The poor little fellows! I offered my sincere condolences. When I did, the dwarves clung to one another and cried harder, and one of them asked if I would like to see her.
I nodded, assuming he meant a picture. I followed the dwarves past a little garden and around to the back of their cottage. But what I saw was not a picture. There was a glass coffin placed in the middle of a rose patch in the backyard. Inside was not another dwarf, but a full-sized young woman with her hands posed delicately over the stomach of her yellow gown. At first I was very disgusted. Did the dwarves intend to watch, day by day, as death ate away at this gorgeous creature? Groady.  
But then I noticed – the glass at the top of the coffin was slightly fogged, as if by breath. I looked more closely.  The girl’s face, though white as snow, was not the pallid color of death. Her cheeks were rosy and her lips were red as the blood of life. 
Oh, and she was breathing. 
When I told this to the dwarves, I was surprised that they did not jump for joy with the news. 
“We know she is breathing,” said the nerdy dwarf with the glasses. “But she won’t wake. Nothing we try works. She is alive, but she’s as good as dead, because she can’t be with us anymore, can’t smile or laugh or tease us or talk to the animals―”
“What do you mean, ‘talk to the animals’?” I asked sharply. 
“Snow White always talked to the animals. The squirrels and birds especially loved to chirp with her.”
And this was when I knew that everything had worked out perfectly and everyone would live happily ever after and it would all be thanks to Moi. Really. How many beautiful girls in the nearby kingdoms can talk to squirrels? I’m going to guess not very many. (assuming that it is not, in fact, some sort of innuendo). This was definitely Chrissy’s crush. 
 I explained all of this to the dwarves. They were a little confused about how this would help, because none of them had a prince’s education. It’s basic training: any girl under any mysterious sleeping spell can be woken up with a kiss. The dwarves were so excited they all started clamoring for me to kiss the girl right away so that she could wake up right this minute! I didn’t, of course. Since I’m not a prince anymore, it’s hardly my place to go planting kisses on maidens in distress! But I assured them that Chrissy would be here soon and that he would do the honors and Snow White would be chirping again in no time. 
After that, the dwarves invited me to come inside and have dinner with them. It was gross peasant food as usual, but I hardly even noticed because while we ate, they told me all about how Snow White ended up here. All this drama about hunters and poison apples and whistling while you work made me hungry. I had seconds.
I think I might have found the perfect story.

Awaiting show time, Charming



Dear Diary,

 They LOVED it! Snow White’s story is a compete hit. It didn’t even matter that my lute string broke when I got to the part about my mother trying to take her heart out. STANDING OVATION! They laughed, they cried, they loved me. A lot. And no one could tell me the ending wasn’t happy, because it so obviously was. Okay, maybe the happy ending hasn’t exactly happened yet in real life. But it’s going to take Chrissy a few days to get here, and isn’t the ending obvious anyway? 

In love with love, Charming

Dear Diary, 

It doesn’t seem to matter where I go. I found another of Charming’s poems today as I was sitting atop a peasant’s cottage, pondering the meaning of cows. It was nestled in the thatching, inexplicably waiting for me.

El Dorado
 
There was a man who went to find 
A place called El Dorado
He asked around, they all replied
It’s a place they’ll never show.
 
So he journeyed on 
Met with a nun
And asked her why she tarried
I’ve come to find a road I know, that leads to a town called Merry’
 
They came to see
The place they fleed
Was remote, for those away
And so journeyed not cross the sea, 
But back the way they came.
 
They came upon
A swollen thumb
With a man attached to the hand
They asked him why he sat reclined
He was waiting for his gold mine
 
They came upon a man in the sun
And asked him to come join them
He said ‘no thanks’ to the awestruck nun
He’d found the shiniest gem.

 He needs some serious help. He could have come with me and have all the gold and gems he wanted, but nooo. He was too grounded. Perhaps it’s for the best though―he’s not exactly the most talented lyricist. 
What if this poem means he’s decided to come meet up with me? I can’t have that, not now that I’m just gaining my following… I know. I’ll just tell him to save another princess. After the show yesterday, this weird guy told me there is an evil witch with a princess locked up in some tower about a mile east of here. But how to get Charming the note…? Do you think if I left it lying around he would find it like I keep finding his notes? I bet he would. Yeah, he definitely would. I’ll do it.

I am brilliant, Charming.

Dear Diary,

I’m not sure if Charming got my letter, but Chrissy sure got his. Word on the street is that dear little Princess Snow White (did I mention she ended up being a princess after all? How convenient!) has been woken up and brought back to the castle to be married to the prince. I’m gaining a sister! I always wanted a sister. It almost makes me want to visit home for a bit. Maybe I can sing at the wedding! That would be the most exciting thing ever.  I think I’ll start heading back tomorrow. 

A family boy at heart, Charming 
 
Dear Diary, 

I was almost home when I heard some gossip about Charming. He went to save a princess from a bog today, but, as he was building a raft made of reeds to cross it and save her, Princess Jessica came along and ruined it. As Charming toiled away at his raft, she walked around the bog, and then took the bridge back. She can’t do this. It is ruining the natural order of things! Princes save princesses. That is simply how it goes. And who uses the bridge? It's not nearly dramatic enough. Oh well. At least I have the knowledge that Princess Jessica will never be as famously loved as Snow White. Nobody likes her story and nobody ever will because she is a backwards little brat. 

So there, Charming

Dear Diary,

 I am back at the castle. Father was a little iffy on letting me sing at the wedding, especially because my lute-playing style hasn’t caught on yet, but he gave in after I whined a little. I think it went okay. I told the story of the bride and groom again and everyone was so drunk happy it didn’t really matter what I sounded like as long as I kept throwing cheeky smiles toward the women in the crowd. (And not throwing them to the men. I learned that the hard way…)
Snow White and Chrissy are a beautiful couple. Standing there at the altar, Snow looking totally washed out in her cream-colored dress and the top of Chrissy’s head barely reaching her chin. It may not sound good, but it works somehow. You’ll just have to trust me. 
I’m so happy for my baby brother, and I’m loving getting to eat some castle food again. But I think I’m going to have to get out before Mommy starts pestering me to stay. Maybe I’ll crash with Chrissy and Snowy. They’re going to be living with the six dwarves. 

Surf’s up for couch surfing, Charming

Dear Diary,

Snow White and I are really hitting it off in a big way. We love all of the same things! She even taught me that peasant food is endurable if you simply drown it in honey first! Also, she has been giving me lessons on lute playing, and we have started a bridge club together. Everything is going great!

Finally, a princess with taste, Charming 
Dear Diary, 

I told the Snow White story again today, in the courtyard. As a joke, everyone decided to clap with only one hand, and the sound was uncanny enough that I realized it wasn’t a compliment. I need new material. Dear Diary, how can I continue to come up with interesting stories, when my audiences can only stay satisfied for a day in between tellings?

Dazed and Confused, Charming

Dear Diary,

One of the dwarves decided he would die if he didn’t get some falafel, and I’ve decided that ethnic food has many advantages. Aside from being spicy and delicious, this particular bit of takeout may have provided me with a new story. The delivery girl, whose face was covered by a veil, whispered to me that there was a princess being held captive by an evil sorcerer in her native land and asked if we had any extra princes to spare to come save her. I asked her why she didn’t already have a prince to do the saving. She told me that the assigned hero, upon receiving a cool flying rug and a genie, had gone off “babe cruising” and left the princess high and dry.
There were no princes to spare in our kingdom since Chrissy was married and I’m a minstrel. The delivery girl told me that a minstrel would work just fine. Apparently, rescue missions work differently in Arabia. The guy who was supposed to be rescuing this princess wasn’t a prince but “some street-rat.” No wonder he’d neglected his duties. 
I have decided to take this princess’s rescue upon myself. Doing so will give me a sweet new story and, even better, the sweet new story can feature Moi. 

Oh yeaah, Charming.

Dear Diary,

My princely skin was not made for this kind of harsh sun. I have a burn you wouldn’t believe. Other than that though, Arabia is great. Even the peasants are not eye-gougingly ugly. I made a stop at the market place before heading to the Golden Palace, and it’s probably the most colorful place on earth. Bright, striped, silk canopies draped over carts of brilliantly colored fruits, stacks of elaborately woven rugs as tall as I am, women draped in sheer, flowing dresses. People all around babbled words in some fake language and the smell of fresh, spicy rice dishes wafted under my nose the whole time. 
I bought souvenirs for everybody back home. I think that Snow will especially love the snake-charmer’s pipe I found for her. Not like she needs it.

Shop ‘till you drop, Charming

Dear Diary,

 The vacation time is over and now I need to get to work. I am currently camped outside of the Golden Palace and have secured some vital information about my quest. The bad guy, Jeff, has the princess trapped in an hourglass and is trying to slowly smother her. Points for creativity. I mean, at least it’s not a tower and an enchanted sleep again, but it’s still pretty pointless and certainly not very nice. Uh oh, it looks like the sand is about to reach her neck. Gotta go!

Wish me luck, Charming

Dear Diary,

Things are not going as planned at all. I am inside the castle, but I guess the player with the genie got bored, because he’s trying to get in on the action as well. He’s trying to fight Jeff, which is stupid seeing as Jeff is an evil sorcerer and this kid is just some peasant with an inflated ego. At least he’s keeping Jeff occupied for me. This way, I can use my carefully planned pulley system to get the princess and the hourglass out of here. If it works, the pulley thing should add some action to my act. We’ll see.

Toodles, Charming


Dear Diary,

This has got to end. That pesky Princess Jessica showed up just as I was fastening the last pulley to the last palace beam. I didn’t notice her in time, because her ugly face was covered with a stylish veil, and before I could do a thing she broke my hourglass. That was completely unwarranted. She has gone too far. She has run off with the princess and completely trashed my story. I am going to get her one day and it won’t be pretty. You can count on that. 

That is a threat, Charming

Dear Diary,

I am back in my home kingdom as a wandering minstrel again, and I have some good news and some bad news. 
The bad news is that I was unable to tell my story about Jeff, carpet man, and my ingenious pulley system. I had been planning to simply cut Princess Jessica out of the picture since she’s not really a crowd-pleaser, but it turns out she had the story copyrighted just before I got here. I haven’t been working long enough to afford to pay royalties, so I had to pull something bardy and generic out of nowhere. Luckily, I had found another of Charming’s poems when I got back to my campsite. It wasn’t very good, but at least it’s free. He owes me. I even managed to fix it up a little and when I was finished with it, it went something like this:

Birds of Paradise
Return to us at last
We see the eye that sees half full
Didn’t see the glass.

For now the
Flower has returned,
It sits there in plain sight.
Till someone slips behind the hedge
And clips it over night.

 I really appreciated the ovation I received. From the crickets. Everyone else was really slacking in the applause department. I don’t know where I went wrong! Who doesn’t love a story with flowers in it? I had old Snowy talk to one of the crickets after the show, and he said that the people didn’t like the story because there wasn’t any violence or sex in it. Not to mention, the rhymes were bad. That hurt my feelings, so I crushed him.

Survival of the fittest, Charming

Dear Diary,

I forgot to tell you the good news. My sunburn has turned into a sexy tan. 

Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful, Charming

Dear Diary,

I visited Nose and Grey again today, because I had gotten sand in my stockings from my hourglass escapade. Nose still has not been exiled. Father must have been too busy making merry and punishing peasants to read his mail. Even so, I listened in on what they were saying. The conversation went something like this: 
Nose: “I hear a strong woman is stirring up trouble with the princes.”  Grey: “Oh, really? I remember being like that myself, back in the dark ages…” Nose: “Not like that, you scarlet woman. She’s a real hero, even better than most of the prin―” 
“Even better than most of the principles?” I interrupted strategically, giving her one of my most threatening and captivating looks. Nobody disses princes as a group and I thought I’d give her a chance to change her mind about doing so.
“No. Better than the princes” she said over her shoulder, and then went back to wearing holes into her own stockings.  I was too flabbergasted to say anything back to this, but if I had, it would have been exceedingly biting and witty. Instead, I used my authoritative, princely voice to say, “Wash these” before throwing my stockings at her, and stalking off in my bare legs. 

Still put out and flabbergasted, Charming 

Dear Diary,

I’m starting to get concerned about all the princesses being illegitimately saved lately. 
Think about it. The normal system of saving princesses is essentially perfect. The damsel is in distress. The prince is lonely, or doesn’t want to marry his sister. He saves her, takes her back to the castle, they get married, and live happily ever after. It all makes sense, structurally speaking. But these escapades of Princess Jessica’s don’t follow the same plot line. The damsel is in distress. The other damsel is a bitch. The damsel saves the other damsel and then she runs off to save some other damsel. Not only does this completely keep the damsel in distress from getting married and living happily ever after, but the pronouns in the story can get confusing pretty quickly. 
 I feel it is my civic duty to put Princess Jessica out of business. And not only for these princesses who are all going to die virgin spinsters (except for Princess Allegra. You know what they say about her). As long as she continues to be the “hero” of all the new stories, I’ll never get another decent act!
I am working on a diabolical scheme with Snowy. I think it just might work.

Oh, so devious, Charming

Dear Diary,

 I have put my plan into effect and it worked beautifully. As I was walking over to pick up my laundry from Nose, I made sure to pass Princess Jessica and not say a single word to her. So complete, so impenetrable, was my silent treatment that she didn’t even try to get me to talk to her. I told you my plan was diabolical. This sort of attitude should start eating away at her self-esteem in no time. Oh, I can taste the bitter revenge already and I love it!

Mwahahaha! Charming

Dear Diary,

Rather than trying to get me to talk to her, Princess Jessica has decided to compete against me. She has become the First Minstrel Princess Ever. She had her first act today, and it was a gigantic success. It had lots of ogres, men with big swords, and drunken feasts. It was exceedingly violent, and ended with a sex scene. I don’t know how I am going to compete with this. I have to think of something even worse than the silent treatment. Who’d have thought?

At a loss, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

Revenge on Princess Jessica is going to have to wait. 
My brother is shrinking. 
This is not metaphorical. 
 I thought I noticed it at the wedding, but I figured Snowy just had heels on or something. But it looks like Chrissy has lost several inches and continues to shrink as we speak (that is metaphorical, since I am writing). No one quite knows what’s going on. He’s been seen by several local doctors, and my father has had all of them beheaded for not finding the cause. Now all of the other doctors are too afraid to examine him. 
In the meantime, Chrissy is becoming even more grouchy and hot-tempered than usual. His short-guy complex, which previously had been only slight and therefore kind of cute, seems to be growing in proportion to how much he is shrinking. He keeps trying to pick fights with average-sized men―men twice his size. 
On top of that, this complex is making him exceedingly jealous of all the time I’ve been spending with Snow. Before, he seemed to realize that we’re just really good friends and was okay with it. Now though…. He’s been threatening to “pound me into magic dust” if he “catches me alone with her” again. I tried to point out that all we were doing was trying to plot Princess Jessica’s downfall.
“Oh. Is THAT what they’re calling it nowadays?” Chrissy spat. “Stay away from my woman or I’ll pound you into magic dust!” 
 I really don’t even know what magic dust is, And I don’t care. I must say, I’m rather distraught that my best friend, the last purely saved princess in months, isn’t allowed to talk to me anymore. 

A lonely prince, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I heard a pretty distressing story today.
It seems that, not far from here, a prince had been turned into this freakish beast because he refused to help this ugly chick who turned out to be a witch. Well anyway, all the servants in his house were turned into household items and they were all going to be stuck that way until the beastly prince found true love which totally wasn’t supposed to happen because he’s a beast. 
Well, evidently he kidnapped some girl, because that’s what beasts do and he didn’t want to abandon his given social role, and she had this pure heart and she fell in love with him, fangs and all. 
Cute, right? 
Well, it would be. If everyone else in the house had been turned back too. As it stood, this girl, Beauty, didn’t actually like any of her other housemates. They were all pretty mean to her. The rug kept tripping her and the hairbrush kept tangling her hair and the trashcan wouldn’t stay shut and really, she didn’t wish any of them goodwill except for the prince. So he is the only one who got his original body back. This did not make the household objects very happy and from what I hear, the couple is being kept hostage in the castle by a bunch of footstools and tankards. 
I’m going to head over to that kingdom tomorrow and see if there’s anything I can do to help. But tonight, I’m going to tell their story to an adoring audience. 
Except I’m going to change the ending, of course. 
To a sex scene.

Happily ever after, Charming

Dear Diary,

Princess Jessica has succeeded in ruining my act yet again. While I was practicing before my show last night, it seems she went over to the beast’s (sorry, prince’s) castle and arranged an estate sale. She managed to sell all of the sentient furniture and appliances to wealthy buyers from all over the country. Then she gave the money to Beauty so she could realize her dream of starting something she is calling a Beauty Salon. I didn’t even know this had happened until one of the nasty, ungrateful peasants in the audience, the one with the perpetually stuffed-up nose, interrupted me only minutes into my tale to tell me that he already knew the ending and that it sucked. 
 I told him not to spoil it for the others, but then I realized that what he meant was that my ending was bad. And I knew that wasn’t possible because my ending was going to be amazing, and I told him so, and he just blew his nose loudly and walked away.
This was pretty enigmatic, so I asked the rest of the audience if they knew what he meant. Everyone shifted uncomfortably for a moment, and then this kid said, “Please sir. We all know the ending. It’s nice for Princess Beauty that she became a business woman, but it doesn’t make a very good ending to a love story.”
A little more questioning prompted the rest of the sordid tale out of the audience.
So now, not only am I a minstrel who tells awful stories, I am a minstrel who has the audience tell him stories at his own show. 

This has got to end, Charming

Dear Diary,

I’ve been reduced to sneaking into Snow White’s room while Chrissy is off hunting and participating in other violent, manly sports to assert his dominance. I told her about my latest performance disaster and she agreed that something drastic must be done. We’re going to begin brainstorming this weekend. Chrissy is going to be participating in a jousting tournament in Normandy, so we’ll have plenty of time. 

Always plotting, Charming

Dear Diary,

Charming has been caught out of his kingdom and been forced to go home. He is now grounded for real. But amazingly, he is not moping about it. He seems to have found a way to bring the girls to him. I found this invitation on the ground today:

Attention all beautiful bachelorettes!
Are you a traditional gal waiting for your knight in shining armor? Well look no further! The charming Prince Charming is holding a three-day festival where he hopes to find that special someone. Think that someone could be you? Then get your head out of the lentils and put on your best dress – you might just leave with more than an expensive party favor! 

All bachelorettes. Meaning not just princesses. This is a really risky move on Charming’s part. Sure, Chrissy got lucky with Snow White, but she ended up being a princess anyway, so that’s really no surprise. I can’t understand why Charming would put himself out there like this. He must really be a wreck. He’s not thinking straight. Someone needs to slap some sense into that boy pretty quick before he ends up with someone like Nose who, by the way, cannot stop talking about the upcoming festival.

Eww, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have come up with an idea. A most brilliant of schemes. I have to find a way to make Jessica go to this ball. Charming still wants her, and, for the good of the system, they have to work this out, before he gives up on girls altogether. Also, if he does pick her, she can leave and go live happily ever after somewhere far away from me. There is only one course of action. Since he has to pick somebody, I have to make Jessica go, and then made her look like she is the best choice. This should be exceedingly difficult. 

Where’d that veil go? Charming

Dear Diary, 

I saw Charming today, and he is glowing with expectation. Now I just have to get Jessica to go. Unfortunately, she still thinks that Charming is a sissy man. 
This will take some finagling
I have it. It is perfect. I have made my own flyer. 

The Princely Bachelor!
This man is charming- in more than one way! He will put you in the limelight, and will keep you there, happily ever after. Rejection is probable, and will be public, humiliating, and scripted. Only one princess will be accepted! To enter this life-changing contest, please leave one (1) love letter lying around for our staff to conveniently find!

Feeling brilliant, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Jessica has taken the bait. I found this love letter on the ground today, a contest entry for sure:

A mole, or a mol.
A measurement of great beauty.
A beauty borne of resourcefulness
That nobody could possibly call fruity.

It can be used for a variety of things,
And it can measure all.
From atoms to doughnuts,
Or even shopping malls.

It’s derived from Avogadro’s constant
Named after that ugly guy.
It has 6.0221415 × 1023  units. 
It’s true- why would I lie?

It’s usefulness is really plain to see,
For a mol weighs as much in grams,
As one atom in AMU 
And, you know, that’s just super cool.

So, do I have you convinced?
Are you converted to the way of the mol?
After all, it is super cool.
I might even go so far as to say bodacious…

 This poem is clearly an ode to the attractive beauty mark below Charming’s left eye, a mole which is placed just so. She must be hopelessly smitten.

This cannot fail, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Just to be sure, I have taken an extra precaution. I have picked up the laundry of the other bachelorettes, and have delivered it, personally, to Nose. 

Nothing can stop me now, Charming

Dear Diary,

This is outrageous! Who is this Cindy lady? How could she possibly come out of the blue and outdo Jessica, who had Charming completely brainwashed? He hardly even looked at Jessica during the ball, and when Jessica dropped her snot rag on the ground, he pretended not to notice! This is beyond comprehension. 
Cindy disappeared at around midnight, and I thought this was the perfect chance to get Charming back with Jessica. Who wants a girl with such an early curfew? I say it’s a sign of things to come, and I mentioned this to Charming. It took some time to convince him that he should dance with Jessica at least once before the evening was through, but I managed it eventually. 
“Jessica is out in the garden,” I said, leading him out the doors (I had Snowy keeping me informed of her every movement all night). 
“Fine,” Charming sighed, head bowed. 
Out in the garden, there was some commotion, as one of the bachelorettes had fainted. The rest of them were “oh dear”ing all over the place and not doing a thing. I urged Charming to go save her, but then, predictably, Princess Jessica swooped down, splashed the girl’s face with water, loosened her corset, and fanned her until she came to.
When I turned around, Charming was gone. 

This is worse than I thought, Charming

Dear Diary, 

 The second evening of the festival has had an even more disastrous outcome. Cindy was back, this time in a hideous blue cupcake of a dress and this pimped out carriage. Well that got Charming’s attention right away.  Again, he didn’t say a word to Jessica, even though I had strategically placed her favorite pastry next to his favorite cake on the desert table so that they couldn’t possibly miss each other. 
And again, Cindy left obscenely early. She seemed in a rush too; her parents must be sticklers for curfews. Charming started to chase her down, and then I started to chase him down, but I couldn’t run very fast because I had spent so much time monitoring the dessert table that I had gained considerable girth. It didn’t matter though. She disappeared again. 
When I caught up with Charming, he was gawking at the stairs outside. 
“What is it?” I asked.
Charming shook his head, smiled, and went back inside. I followed him to the dessert table, where he went straight for the cake. I caught Snowy’s eye across the ballroom and beckoned wildly. She got the subtle signal and immediately suggested to Jessica that they get some snacks. 
Snowy and I backed away from the dessert table to give them space. 
I’m not exactly sure what was said, but somehow, this exchange ended with Charming in tears. 

So much drama, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

Charming is smarter than I ever gave him credit for.
Remember the incident with the smiling and the stairs? Yeah, well apparently I’m not the only plotting prince in town. For the third and final night of the festival, Charming had the whole staircase smeared with tar. This created a lot of unhappy bachelorettes, who kept getting their shoes caught in it, but it worked the way Charming intended. This time, when Cindy ran out at midnight, her shoe (a hideous, last-season glass pump,) got stuck in the tar and she, being in such a rush to get home, just left it there. 
She’s disappeared and no one knows how to find her. However, I am not convinced she no longer poses a threat. She is going down. That pump could fit anybody, so why not Jessica? I have written a proposal to Charming, and will be forcing that pump onto her foot first thing tomorrow morning.

Now I have her, Charming

Dear Diary,

Jessica has troll feet. Time for Plan B.

Dammit, Janet (I mean Charming)

Dear Diary,

Charming won’t give up. He’s going to go to every house in the kingdom and give every single girl a fitting. I will have to break this cursed pump accidentally. It is the only way. I will then have to start from square one in operation “Eradicate Jessica.” 

Not again, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I managed to get the pump from Charming today. It was pretty easy. One of the girls trying it on had cut off her toe to make it fit, and someone needed to wash it out. Well, I was taking it to the river to let Nose deal with it (what better way to get something broken?) when an exceedingly ugly woman, the sort who is really a peasant but tries to act like she isn’t, snatched it out of my hand, screeching and cackling as she ran away. I tried to chase her down, but she must have a billy goat in her family tree.

Surrounded by trolls, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I have the billy goat’s house staked out. The house is gigantic, and I am hiding behind one of the tree-sized weeds that they have cultivated in the front yard. I followed that troll home, and now, in order to get that pump back and accidentally break it, I just have to sneak in. I don’t even have to contend with witches or moats. I have Snowy with me, and have gotten one of her squirrely friends to unlock the door.

Well, here goes! Charming

Dear Diary,

The door squeaked badly, and they all woke up. There were three screechy ones, an old lady, and a somewhat plain looking maid. They had been having a wrestling match over the pump when they went to sleep last night, and so resumed immediately when I woke them up. Fortunately, I had a stroke of luck. One of the three gave another the chair, and, in falling against a table on her way to the floor, the victim managed to upset the slipper, and the damn thing finally smashed to pieces. 

Mission accomplished, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

Charming, with the knowledge that the pump is broken, is now crushed, and has effectively given up on life. 

No more parties…. Charming

Dear Diary,

I went to visit Nose today, to pick up my laundry, and she was gossiping about the strangest thing. She had seen a woman hobbling about, with every other step about four inches off-kilter from the other, as though she was wearing one pump, and one sensible shoe. I must find, and neutralize, this threat.

Lock and Load! Charming


Dear Diary, 

I am standing near the river with my hands full of clean stockings. Cindy the maid is hobbling toward me. So is Charming, from the other direction. I can’t believe I’m in the middle of this! I am standing here like an idiot, scribbling in my diary, as disaster approaches. What should I do? 

No time for a sign off, Charming

Dear Diary, 

This is how it all crashed down. “I have a surprise for you!” I yelled to Charming. 
“Really?”
“Yes. Close your eyes.” I ran over to him, and, turning him around, started to walk with him back toward Snowy’s house. The next thing that I knew, he, having been walking with his eyes closed, tripped on something, and lay, sprawling. 
I picked up the offending object. It was a pouch of beans some stupid peasant had left lying around. 
“Are you alright?” yelled Cindy, trotting up from behind us, unaware that she hailed the prince. Charming sat up and answered.
“Yes, quite alri- wait… Your voice sounds familiar. Do you work in Grom’s 
tavern?”
“No” “Umm… what is your name?” “Cindy.” “Oh!”  “Oh?” “It’s you!” “Who?”  “Cindy.” “Yes?”
Then the romantic music began playing, and I suddenly had another story which ended in a sex scene. 

Fail, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Well, it looks like I will have to find a new way to get Jessica out of my hair. Charming and Cindy are off living happily ever after, and so that will not be working out. And Jessica is still up to no good, having just rescued a little kitten out of a tree as I write. Unbeknownst to her, it will be stewed by Grom later on, and so she really isn’t nearly as great a pillar of the community as she likes to think. Still though, she is famous for the moment, and here I am, stewing myself, stuck, writing in my diary again. 

Ugh, Charming

Dear Diary,

I have finally figured it out. I just have to beat her at her own game. I have decided to rig a fake princess rescue, in order to outdo her. Snowy, God bless her, has agreed to participate as the princess in question, and I am going to save her from a witch in a tower. 

So excited, Charming

Dear Diary,

Things have not gone nearly as well as I had planned. The evil witch, in order to feel like she is not cheating, is now saying that I have to actually save Snowy, or else I can’t have her back. The witch has also put a new spin on it, by adding some academia to her challenge. As I was camping outside of the castle, on the breeze, came this note, which I have taped in:

What am I?   I see all that you have,  And some things that you don’t. I want all that I see,  but nothing that I don’t I presume,    I run,                           And jump                                   Directly to conclusions I have nothing you do, But all that you do not. And if I could have all that you are, I’d feel no qualms, About leaving you to rot.

I yelled up that the answer was obviously spoiled princesses, and she sent down a paper that said simply:
Nope. Try again. Or no princess.
I am out of ideas. I guess I will just camp here until she gets bored with this game, and then I can take Snowy home, make her some cocoa, and pretend like I rescued her valiantly. 

Wearily, Charming

Dear Diary,

I don’t know what to do. As I watch, Princess Jessica is bringing cookies to the witch, and asking her to please let her friend go. I feel so helpless. She can’t do this! But there is nothing I can do. Jessica and the witch have gone in to have tea, and, judging by the look on the witch’s face, and by the lively pulsing of the wart on her nose, Jessica will be leaving with my brother’s wife. 

Why me? Charming

Dear Diary,

We have a BIG PROBLEM. Snowy, my dear, lovely sister Snowy, has been brainwashed. Over our cup of cocoa after this scarring incident, I casually mentioned that now we were going to have to come up with a new plan. Snowy got all huffy and said, 
“You know, she’s really not all that bad.”
…..

I think I’m going to cry, Charming

Dear Diary,

Chrissy is home from his jousting tournament. He took third place. I think this is quite a feat, seeing as he is at least four inches shorter than he was when he left. Chrissy, however, has been furiously ranting about it since he got home. 
“You don’t even get it,” he grumbled into his goblet as we had dinner together. His feet no longer touch the ground in his chair. “Those guys were obviously pumping their horses full of steroids. Made Devilish Knave look like a donkey.”
Devilish Knave is Chrissy’s Chrissy-sized horse. Enough said.
“At least you’re an honest sportsman,” I said vaguely and encouragingly.
“Yeah, I’ll show them honest next time one of them shows their face in my kingdom!” Chrissy mimed breaking someone’s nose, and the mimery came very close to breaking my nose, but I ducked just in time. “Where’s my woman? I need more cheese. SNOW WHITE!”
“What?” Snowy popped in from the other room, looking irritated, and slightly more voluptuous. Does everyone let themselves go once they are married?
“Get me some more cheese.”
“Get your own damn cheese.”
“I told you to get me cheese!”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
“There ain’t any.”
“Whaddaya mean there ain’t any? I’m the prince, there’s always cheese if I want cheese!” 
“Well, not today.”
I rolled my eyes. “Why? Did you and Princess Jessica eat it all at your ‘girls’ night’ yesterday?”
“Of course not,” said Snow White. “We just ate pie. Princess Jessica is lactose intolerant.” 
!!!!! Charming.

Dear Diary,
 Procuring a cow is more difficult than I ever imagined it could be. Not a single peasant will give me a cow! You’d think the stupid animals were their source of livelihood or something. Ridiculous. I think I’m going to have to buy one. This could be tricky, since I haven’t had a decent show in forever. 

Alms for the poor? Charming

Dear Diary,

Please don’t think badly of me. I did it for the good of humanity.
I was in the market today, and there was this kid who was, miraculously, selling a cow. It wasn’t a very good cow, I mean, it was really old and lumpy and smelly and stuff, so no one was going to buy it anyway. I asked him how much, and he said he didn’t exactly know how much it was worth. 
“My mom just told me I have to sell her, ‘cause we need money for food,” he told me, ruffling his already-horribly-messy hair. 
“Then why don’t you eat the cow?” I asked.
The boy looked scandalized. 
“This is Bessy. She’s my best friend. I can’t eat her!”
“But, you do know that if you sell it to somebody, they’re probably going to eat her?”
The boy’s lip quivered. 
Quickly, I put a hand on his shoulder. “Wait! How about this – I’ll buy Bessy.”
“You promise not to eat her?” the boy sniffed.
“Promise.”
“Okay!” The boy brightened. “She’s all yours!”
“Great,” I said, reaching into my pocket and taking out a drawstring bag. I put it in his hand in exchange for Bessy’s rope. “Well, I’ll―”
“Hold on,” said the boy, peering into the bag. “This isn’t money.”
“… It’s not?”
“No. This is just beans.”
“Oh….” I searched my other pockets before realizing I had spent what little money I had “carousing” with Chrissy last night. The bag was just the little sack that Charming had tripped over. I must have forgotten to take it out of my pocket. I had to think of something fast – where else was I going to get a cow this cheap? 
Carefully, I formulated my tale. “Well, I thought you would rather be paid in the beans than silly old gold.”
“Well… beans are nice. But this isn’t even enough to eat for dinner.”
“You can’t eat the beans!” I exclaimed.
“Why not?”
“Because they’re my best friends!”
He looked at me like I was a crazy man and I realized he was a bit smarter than he looked. Had to change tactics.
“And not only that,” I lowered my voice mysteriously, “they’re magic!”
The kid’s eyes lit up, and his face widened into a gappy, toothy grin. “Magic?!” 
“Very magic.” I said, conspiratorially.
“Awesome! Thanks! Wait till I tell Mom! She’s gonna be so happy with me!” He leaned over and gave Bessy a final hug around the neck. She buckled slightly under his weight. Then he looked up at me. “Can I come visit Bessy sometimes?”
“Only if you don’t tell your mom who you sold her to!” I chuckled.
“Okay!” 
And he skipped off along his merry little way.
I don’t think I’m an awful person. I am acting in everyone’s best interests. Bessy especially so. 

Moo, Charming

Dear Diary, 

That cow was delicious. We didn’t try to kill it, but it keeled over a few hours after I bought it. Snowy sure knows how to cook! Due to this turn of events, however, we are still without cheese and I am without a simple way to take down my nemesis. I just might have to go and buy another cow with some more beans tomorrow. 

Mmmm… Charming

Dear Diary, 

We seem to have found ourselves out of the frying pan, into the oven, and then into an open inferno. Chrissy has stopped shrinking. Something in the cheese has been causing it. The thing is, he is now very angry that he will no longer be able to eat cheese, and so has begun to express his manliness and his anger by throwing things. 

I have to take cover now, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have a new bardly tale for my audiences, which I overheard from some new lady that Nose was talking to. She was dressed completely in orange, and had freakishly wide hips. The hips were her biggest feature, so that, after looking at her, it was difficult to remember much else about her appearance. Hips’ tale went something like this. 
“Once upon a time, there was a very, very angry little man. He started to shrink a few years after he stopped growing, and became even angrier. One day, a very intelligent prince went off to get cheese for him, and returned with a cow that didn’t have time to give milk, before dying of an awful, terribly contagious disease. Therefore, the very little, very angry prince never got his cheese. At this time, he stopped shrinking, but was still dissatisfied with his state, because he had discovered that he was allergic to cheese in a most unfortunate way, and so started throwing things.”

Never heard anything like it, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I woke up today terribly sick. I have no idea what could have caused this. Have I angered some bard God for stealing most of my stories? 

I have to go, don’t ask why, Charming

Dear Diary, 

It is all coming together now. I have read through my last few entries, and it is obvious that Hips is spying on me. There is no other explanation. She knew everything that was going on: Chrissy’s shrinking, the cheese shortage, and the terribly contagious disease I got from that dumb cow. I will have to confront her tomorrow, once I begin to feel a little better. 

Gotta go again, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I met with Hips today, and she told me that she is new in town. She claims the reason she knew about my life was because she has the unique ability to see the past. This is often more useful than the ability to see the future, because the past doesn’t change. She told me that if I could gather a certain list of unlikely objects for her, she would help me to be a better bard by telling me true stories of the past. In the meantime, I have to gather for her:
8 cakes, one-half pound each
12 licorice sticks
5 frogs’ legs
7 cinnamon sticks
8 tree stumps
And the finger of a birth-strangled babe

I’d better get to work, Charming
Dear Diary, 

I have raided the kitchen, harnessed Chrissy’s fury to harvest the tree stumps, and gotten Hips to admit that she was kidding about the finger. She took all of these ingredients into her house, and I heard shouting from within. I left after that, because the most awful smell began to ooze from the windows.

Hope this works out, Charming
Dear Diary, 

She was spying on me after all. She only wanted those things so that she could make a potion potent enough to become the great witch she once was. I am now writing this as a one-legged frog. 

Man, is she tricky, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Frog life isn’t so bad. I don’t have to eat all of that peasant food, and I am now able to do what I enjoy most, and with a valid excuse. I have been sitting around on the edge of Snowy’s tea-cup, doing absolutely nothing all day, and it has been wonderful. 

Ahhh, relaxation, Charming

Dear Diary, 

The boredom hit me today. I have not been this bored since my main mode of entertainment was seeing if I could fool father into thinking that he is funny. I have to find a way to get back to minstrel form, at all costs. This witch must be taken down. I have already set a plan into action. I must recruit a most noble prince to go and defeat the witch, so that I can be myself again. I have sent out this flyer to the surrounding lands. 

Noble Princes!
Do you have the overwhelming urge to fight evil, to destroy all that blocks the rays of goodness from piercing through to your noble countryside? Well, I have just the malicious raincloud for you! Simply head eight miles due east into the Forest of Death, and the tower of the evil witch is on your left. You can’t miss it! 

I love outsourcing, Charming

Dear Dairy, 

There is a gigantic camp of princes hanging out at the base of the tower. A little bird told me, or rather, told Snowy, who translated, that none of the princes are manly enough to simply climb the tower and defeat the witch. What can I do? 

Very afraid for my kind, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have received a terrible proposition today. I think I would rather remain a frog than give in to it. I was sitting out on the porch and, suddenly, a note fell out of the sky, attached to a golden arrow. I have taped it in. 
You look like you need help! 
For help, simply yell, quite loudly, so that all can hear, “I am an idiot, who needs Princess Jessica’s help.” Help will arrive in under one business day after that, weather permitting. 

There is no way I am going to do it. I would rather stay a frog forever. 

With firm resolve, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have taken to writing in my free time. Charming suggested it. The thing is, I can’t seem to get this poem to rhyme. 
A Famous opera singer from the Cay
Sang so many songs, all sprightly and fun.
He traveled the world, was loved by all.
Nobody predicted his sudden descent.
For, he sang with such life, such joy.
Admired by all of the girls and men.
But, at the top of his rise, he began his steep fall.
Nobody would ever write him again, or telephone.
For, while in the spotlight, he had an unfortunate fart,
And, he tried to apologize, but couldn't begin.

For, no one would listen to him, ever again.

Any ideas? Charming

Dear Diary, 

I give in. I have to face facts. Most of my appeal is in my dashing good looks, and so I could never make it as a writer. I have just called Jessica for help, and word has already travelled to Normandy that I made this admission. 

Disgusting, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Jessica returned with the witch today, who apologized most profusely. Hips claims that she was raised and abused by a witch, and she couldn’t help but carry on the cycle of abuse.
Hips has changed me back, but made it impossible for me to strangle her. Every time I get close, I have the overwhelming urge to eat, and so, if I were to actually try to strangle her, I would be enormous in no time. She is really quite something. 

Guess she just needed a therapist, Charming

Dear Diary,
 
Hips told me today about a spreading problem among witches, maidens, and princes. The witches are actually succeeding, which messes up the balance of things. She says that witch schools are cropping up all over the place, and, due to their newfound education, the witches are becoming more successful. In addition, the princes seem to be less capable than ever. I don’t really believe her though. She did lie to me once. 

Fool me twice, shame on me. Charming

Dear Diary, 

I am back in business and on a mission. This morning, I heard about a princess in distress from a black-haired peasant boy who was standing out in his field, tending to some goats and looking terribly bored. 
“Yeah,” he said, his eyes lighting up slightly, “And the witch has got her and there’s a wolf guarding the door. Like five wolves. Way bigger than the one behind you.”
I jumped and turned around, but there was no wolf behind me. When I turned back, the kid was rolling on the grass, cracking up. 
I’m not sure how much of this story is true, but I have nothing better to do, so am going deep into the Forest of Death to investigate. 

On a mission, Charming

Dear Diary,

I have arrived at the home of the witch and I must say, I’m very impressed. The scene looks like something that came right off of the cover of “Good Housekeeping”. This is no unkempt, bramble-covered tower. This witch lives in a nice little cottage on the edge of a sparkling pond. It would be quite unremarkable, except that the house appears to be made entirely of gingerbread. I thought it was just the paint job at first, but the smell is deliciously unmistakable. 
Aside from the gingerbread, I’m relatively sure the bushes are cotton candy, the shingles are slabs of chocolate, the doorframe is peppermint stick, and the garden baubles are blown sugar. Everything on the house seems to be glued together with a sort of industrial-strength white icing. 
I must test my hypothesis. I will now see if the brown apples growing from the tree are not rotten, but covered in caramel, as I suspect they are.

Taste-testing, Charming

Dear Diary,
            I tried one of the apples, which was definitely caramel, but now my tent is on fire. This witch isn’t very nice at all. Oh, my pants are aflame now too. 

 Stop, drop, and roll, Charming

Dear Diary, 
           I have decided to change tactics. I have gathered some flowers from elsewhere in the forest (hers are taffy, I thought it would be too obvious), and am about to knock on the door. 
 
Well, if you can’t beat ‘em, Charming
 
Dear Diary, 

The exchange went something like this. I knocked on the door, and a low, low, gravelly voice answered. “Who is it?”
“Uh, uh, uh, “I said. I hadn’t planned this far ahead. 
“I’ve been expecting you, come in”
“Uh.” So I walked in. The inside was not nearly the fantasy the outside promised. The place was very well furnished, or had been, at one time. She was sort of a slob, it seemed, and had left old bits of food – much of it not candy – all over the floor, as well as playbills, old posters, and other rubbish. I walked in, and the door creaked shut behind me. The wind must have been blowing, or something. 
The witch was sitting in a rocking chair squeaking back and forth in silhouette by the feebly flickering fire. She turned around for a moment and I couldn’t see her face. She turned back. “Oh, you’re not Uh,” the witch said, sounding bored.
“True, but I did bring you flowers. I just wanted to meet you. I have heard so many things.” 
The witch continued to rock back and forth, saying nothing. I shifted uncomfortably. One of the petals from the flowers fell to the floor. Everything was silent except for the creaking of the chair. 
Just as I was about to stutter out something incoherent, I heard a high-pitched voice from the next room. 
“Mrs. Brittle! We’ve finished the chocolate!”
The witch sighed, stood up quite laboriously, and stretched. With a wave of her hand, flames shot up in several lamps around the room. 
I was shocked. Mrs. Brittle did not look like any witch I had ever seen before. She was not bent and covered in warts, but plump, rosy cheeked, and dressed in pink. She looked, to be honest, like Little Bo Peep’s grandmother. 
 I peered closer. Was she Bo Peep’s grandmother? The friendly smile she always wore, the good-natured lump that was her belly… It had to be her. I remember Bo from my court dance classes when we were kids. She smelled like a stable but could really move. And her grandmother was always at all of the recitals and this Mrs. Brittle looked just like her. But why would Bo Peep’s grandmother go into the witching business?
She caught me staring and sighed. “I’m sorry for my grumpy manner,” she grumbled. “My blood sugar is rather low, makes me irritable.”
“Why don’t you just eat some candy?” 
She looked at me like I had snakes growing out of my ears. 
“I hate candy,” she told me. “Why do you think I use it to decorate my house?”
“Uh….”
“Do you like candy?”
“Uh, yes. Very much, actually.”
Her face brightened slightly with a sugary smile. “Why don’t you come on into the kitchen and have a bite then?”
 No, I had not forgotten that this was a rescue mission, but my stomach was growling and it’s not like this was a real witch. That kid must have been lying, like with the wolf. Little Bo’s grandmother wouldn’t kidnap anybody.
The kitchen was brighter, with big windows and another, much larger fire. A huge cauldron, so large I could have fit quite comfortably inside, sat in the fireplace. There was no princess, but there were two little kids sitting at the table. A boy and a girl, each of their faces covered in chocolate. The girl licked the fingers of one hand while she waved to me with the other.               “Would you care for some chocolate, Charming?” Mrs. Brittle beamed, her grumpiness apparently forgotten. 
“I would, thanks,” I replied. Such a nice little lady. “You remember me. You are Little Bo Peep’s grandmother, aren’t you?”
“Of course I am! And how could I forget a face like yours?” She made her slow way over to the cabinet and pulled down a tin and a wooden spoon. “You just set yourself down next to Hansel there. Good lad. Now, you eat the whole thing, Charming. You look famished. You’re far too skinny for your own good.”
The melty fudge was delicious. So delicious that I forgot to ask her if there was a princess before I left. I’ll have to try again tomorrow.

Sugar and spice, Charming
Dear Diary,

I asked Mrs. Brittle about the princess today. She said she’s never seen any princess anywhere near her cottage then gave me a whole sack of the most scrumptious licorice I’ve ever tasted. I ate it all right away and tried to get Gretel to give me some of hers to take back for Snowy. Mrs. Brittle wouldn’t let her share though. She said that Gretel would never grow into a proper-sized lady if she gave all her food away. Personally, I think Gretel passed “proper-sized” a while ago. That ratty jumper she always wears is nearly bursting at the buttons. Eating her food for her would only be a favor.
But oh well. There’s some more licorice growing like vines up the back of the house. I’ll just pick some for Snowy later. 

Generously, Charming

Dear Diary,

I am very disturbed. I think Mrs. Brittle’s mind has gone round the licorice twist if you know what I’m saying. When I went to pick the licorice for Snowy, I happened to overhear Mrs. Brittle cackling in the kitchen in a very witch-like manner. Under cover of the cotton candy bushes, I peered in the open window. Mrs. Brittle was standing at the giant kitchen fireplace, stirring something in the cauldron that was giving off a heady smoke.     
“Heeheehee! Those children are nearly ready. A few more days and they’ll be fatter than piggies! And that Charming will be packing on the pounds soon, too. Heeheehee, once I’ve eaten, I’ll be back to my old, cheerful self again. And to think: that stupid psychologist granddaughter of mine wanted to put me on anti-depressants! All I really needed was a few plump morsels every once in a while. How’s that for self-medication? Heeheehee!”
It can no longer be denied that Mrs. Brittle is indeed a witch. If the eating-children thing wasn’t enough, only bad guys ever give such illuminating soliloquies.
This is even more important than rescuing princesses. Princesses just get trapped, but Mrs. Brittle is going to eat Hansel and Gretel in a couple of days! 

I have to warn them, Charming

Dear Diary,

I have tried and failed to stage a rescue mission for Hansel and Gretel. They are both now so fat that neither one can fit through their window.  At least they are now aware of the danger they are in.

Not for lack of trying, Charming  

Dear Diary,

I have gone to Hips for help. She says that she went to Witch Academy with Mrs. Brittle, then known as Joanne Peep. Jo Peep, unable to pass “Princess Capture 101,” a requirement for graduation, lost her scholarship and never finished school. She gave up on witching for many years, settled down, married a candy maker named Pete Brittle, and started a family. 
However, Jo Peep had once had ambitions far above mere witchery. She wanted to be a dancer, a dream which was doomed the moment puberty hit and her thighs got gigantic. She tried to pass this dream to her daughter, Morgan, but Little Mo, too, had the family thighs. Her very last hope of seeing a Peep become a dancer was Little Bo, who remained thin and lanky well into her teens. But Little Bo, who was always losing her sheep, read a book on psychology to find out why she was so forgetful and discovered she enjoyed that field of study far more than dance.  	“I’ve actually started seeing her to deal with my own parental issues,” Hips confided. “Dr. Peep is brilliant. Though, she sometimes can’t remember when our appointments are.” 
But anywaaaay. It looks as though Mrs. Brittle has channeled her frustrations and broken dreams into her only other broken dream: becoming a witch. This makes her a very dangerous opponent, because not only is she mentally unstable, but she is unlicensed. 

I may need reinforcements, Charming

Dear Diary,

I have returned to the cottage to find Hansel and Gretel are gone. I was worried at first that I had come too late, but Mrs. Brittle looks even gloomier than before, so I can only assume that they have escaped. 

See? They were fine after all, Charming

Dear Diary,

Gretel and Hansel have definitely escaped. I know this because Mrs. Brittle told me. While she locked me up in their old room.
“You’ll have a great time here, dearie, don’t you worry!”
She brought me a gigantic dinner and sat and watched until I had finished every bite. 
Is it my imagination, or do I feel it going right to my thighs?

In big trouble again, Charming

Dear Diary,

Chrissy came to rescue me today. It was a sweet gesture, but now he’s trapped too. 
He’s also shorter again but insisting he hasn’t had any cheese. I have to believe him, or he will clobber me. Maybe it was just a coincidence before. We’ll see, I guess.
If we aren’t eaten first, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I’m starting to despair. I don’t see how we’re ever going to get out of this. Chrissy was the only decent prince left in the country and now he’s trapped right along with me. I’m not sure what we’re going to do. Mrs. Brittle just keeps feeding us and feeding us and we can’t throw it out because she’s watching our every move! 
This is so awful, Charming
 
Dear Diary,
Chrissy is doomed. 

Charming

Dear Diary,

Good news and bad news. 
Good news: We’ve been rescued. 
Bad news: It was by, not only Princess Jessica, but Snowy as well. Chrissy almost refused to leave with them. Said he “didn’t want to be debted to no women.” They just carried him out in the end though. He is small enough. 
More bad news: Though we are rescued, Mrs. Brittle is still at large. Snowy and Jessica did not have the foresight to push her into the fireplace before we left. I mentioned this to Snowy and she got very offended.
“She’s just a crazy old lady. We couldn’t hurt her.”
“She’s a witch!” I argued.
“No, she’s not,” said Snowy. “She never graduated, remember?”
This is why we need the princes back in action. They never balked at having to slay anything, or noticed technicalities like whether the witch had her diploma. Or they never used to, anyway. 
Better news: I am going to fix this experience into a story. I will cut myself out of it entirely, and in the end, Hansel and Gretel will push the witch into the fireplace. It should be pretty successful.
Possible bad news: If it is too successful, it might get back to Mrs. Brittle and she will hunt me down. It’s a risk I’m willing to take. 
Good news: I have gotten back at Chrissy for the graffiti. Even though he is allowed to eat cheese again, I have made sure that all the cheese in the castle is placed above his reach.

Good or bad, Charming


Dear Diary, 

The shrinking has stopped again, so it is definitely cheese. Now I just have to get him to stop eating it just to spite me. I caught him today climbing on top of a counter, and reaching for the cheese jar. Needless to say, he received a very stern talking to. 

Daddy wasn’t there, Charming 

Dear Diary, 

We have a new bard in town. He says that he is from The Hood, and lives with lots of guys in the forest somewhere. What he lacks in popular appeal, though, he seems to make up for in his ability to play the mandolin. We had battling mandolins today, and he destroyed me. He sang as we played against each other, and the song went something like this: 

On a parched island sat he, 
A man marooned by the sea.
He hoped for just a drop to drink,
But that just couldn’t be.

He was parched and crawled around the isle
One  hundred times or more,
But all this ever did for him was left him feeling sore.

But then he drank some seawater
And threw up.

I must say, he doesn’t have much of a gift for endings, but his background is clear to me now. He obviously used to be a sailor. He was marooned here. In his free time, before he discovered he wasn’t on a desert island, he crafted his own mandolin using hand-made tools and coconut shells, and then learned how to play it better than me. 

I’m so good at reading people, Charming
Dear Diary, 

Today, I pretended to read Rob’s palm, in order to check my guesses about his past. He must be a liar as well as a sailor, because he claims I was completely wrong about everything, and that, if I don’t understand the real significance of his song, then I am in the wrong business. This is obviously all false. I am a great bard. 

Harrumph, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Father’s lucky silver toothpick was stolen last night. He had six random peasants hanged today, and claims that he will hang six more tomorrow if it is not returned immediately. He loves that toothpick. I have gone looking among the peasants, and, although I have completely ransacked three of their houses, I have come up with absolutely nothing.
 
Who steals a toothpick? Charming

Dear Diary,

Mother is trying to blame Snowy for the disappearance of the toothpick and seems to have found a law written in her own writing at the bottom of the List of Laws that states that all toothpick stealers are to have their hearts cut out and boxed. Luckily, I had the royal dentist inspect Snowy’s teeth and he found that her teeth were perfect in every way; completely devoid of the scratches that would occur if she were to use a silver toothpick. He told mother that healthy teeth were the first step in fairness, which has caused her to purchase a toothbrush that cost more than her wedding rock. 

Hygienically, Charming
Dear Diary, 

Snowy may be off the hook, but the hangings continue. In other news, Chrissy has managed to get his hands on a stockpile of cheese, and is stockaded in his room, gorging himself. I tried breaking down the door, but it seems to be on Chrissy’s side, and has put in iron supports. It will take much more than my muscular, god-like shoulder to break that door down. 

Ouchies, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Rob’n’hood has finally owned up to stealing the toothpick. He says that it looked too shiny to be kept by somebody who has perfect teeth anyway, so he had to take it and donate it to Grom, the tavern owner, who is also known as ‘sewer mouth’. This may be all well and good, but people are dying over it. Father won’t want it back now, and so I have no idea what to do. 

So confused, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Grom is still smelly, Chrissy is still shrinking, Rob is still Robbin’, Father is still killing people and laughing about it later, and, to top it all off, Mrs. Brittle has decided to open up a “Gothic-inspired bakery” in town. It has delicious, but slightly morbid sweets, and other paraphernalia. The small children of the town are scrambling over each other for free samples of Skull Cakes, Bleeding-Heart Brownies, and Deathly Doughnuts. Everything is going out of control, and not even my boyish good looks and charm can stop it all from happening. What we need in this town is a miracle. We need some sort of a “doos ex mockinga” and we need it fast. 

AHHHHHHHHHHHH, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have decided to put a new plan into effect. I woke up this morning, and I suddenly realized that the best thing to do right now is precisely nothing. 

Going back to bed, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Rob has completely robbed Mrs. Brittle with the help of Hips, who saw the baker as a competitor. Because of this, Chrissy has run out of places to buy cheese, because he has already eaten all of the other cheese in the land, and has gotten to be about the height of one of Snowy’s old friends. He has convinced them to let him join their Dwarfish Society, and has even adopted the name “Grumpy.” The other six have been encouraged to take similarly descriptive surnames so that Snowy can tell them all apart more easily. In addition, the problem with my father has blown over, because his short attention span has finally kicked in. 

All settled, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Things aren’t working out quite as well as I had thought. Rob is stuck in his 
house, after having eaten all that Mrs. Brittle was selling. Last I saw him, he was trying to flirt with some of the wenches through his window, and they were wondering why he would greet them wearing a fat suit.              In the meantime, all of his queer friends from the hood have been trying to 
figure out a way to get him through the door without having to completely deconstruct the house. 
Also, Chrissy or, as he now refers to himself with pride, Grumpy, has landed himself in jail for starting a cheese riot, and, under the name of the Novembrists, the name of this month, got the other six dwarves to join him in setting things aflame. Also, Brittle is back in business. She is magic. How long could a lack of merchandise get to her for? 

And so the dominoes stand back up, Charming

Dear Diary, 

As I was sitting at the base of the tallest tower in the castle this morning, a note settled itself in my lap. It had escaped the confines of Grumpy’s prison, seemingly by accident. I have taped it in.

Birds of Paradise 
Lay flightless beside the dead
It seems in this moment to matter just what they said
Birds of Paradise will never make them fly
If you've been told otherwise
You know you've been told a lie.
Birds of Paradise 
Will never lift them up.
Against iron and chains 
You know they won't be enough
But still
Birds of Paradise fly.
So, it is rather apparent that he is not enjoying his incarceration very much. He was upset enough that he even forgot to “mizzspell” half of the words! I have to get him out. I hate to see him like this.  

Aww… Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have decided to save Chrissy, or Grumpy, or whatever, the old fashioned way. Right now, I am about halfway up the tower. I have to go now, so that I can climb the rest of the way up.

Until later, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Who puts bars on prison windows? What is the sense in that? How am I supposed to rescue him valiantly? Now I am just stuck up here, and I have to hold on until I can figure out how to get in, because I really don’t feel like climbing down the wall and then back up again. What would be the fun in that? 

Left hanging, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have come to a new predicament. Jessica is climbing up toward me, and she is carrying a screwdriver. The bars are screwed nicely into the edge of the wall up here, and she could easily free Grumps. I can’t give her the glory like that! It would be impossible to lie about too―the entire town is watching. 

Must… Look… Cooler… Charming

Dear Diary, 

Through bird communication, I managed to ensure that Snowy created a sizable distraction shortly before Jessica reached the top. She blew Mrs. Brittle’s bakery to bits using some of Hips’ magic dust, and the entire town looked away from the tower and toward the explosion. Some turned so quickly that I could see hairpieces falling to the ground, and being swept back up by distressed looking peasants. During this distraction, I managed to drop my fifth edition, black leather boot on Jessica. She fell about a hundred feet before she reached an understanding with gravity, and it set her down gently. In the meantime, the bars realized just how serious I was, and let Grumps go. It obviously wasn’t worth the effort for the bars to hold him back. He was beginning to get less emo, and had started to take his aggression out on them. Therefore, the bars let go, and have gone to live a peaceful life with a vine in the forest. 

So good to be bad, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I told my story of rescuing Grumps from the evil tower, and the audience was at least mildly amused. They loved the part in which the bars gave up, but they weren’t very into the part in which Jessica gave up because she didn’t feel like rescuing people anymore. I told them she was taking up accounting. Of course, this lie will never hold up to scrutiny, but it will work for now. Plus, Rob should have lost enough weight soon that he will be able to steal some more thunder from her again soon enough.

I love my job, Charming

Dear Diary,

What does “Street Cred” mean? I ran into Rob today and he said he was going to ruin mine as soon as he could fit back into a size D pair of tights.

Perplexed, Charming

Dear Diary,

It seems Jessica really does know something about accounting. She says she talked over my finances with Rob, and I owe the Sheriff of Nottingham a thousand-million sacks of gold. I am not sure how this happened, since I don’t live in Nottingham. However, Jessica assured me, with number charts and complex graphs to back her up, that I do indeed owe the money. 

I’m in trouble, Charming

Dear Diary,

Snowy reminded me that princes don’t pay taxes; we spend them. 

Off the hook, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I visited Grumpy and the dwarves today. I’m rather irritated with him. You see, after I saw that poem he wrote, I mistakenly assumed that I could discuss literature with him. This gave him a headache, and in his irritation he burst out that he “didn’t write the stinkin’ poem!” 
“You stole someone’s poem?” I asked, scandalized.
“No. I just had him write it for me.”
“But that’s cheating.”
“How do you think I got through Prince School? If I hadn’t intimidated the other Charming into do my homework for me, I never would have made it.”
“Charming wrote the poem?”
“Duh. I wanted him to put hot chicks in it. I think that’s what he means by the Birds of Paradise. Hot chicks. Birds. Get it? It’s like meta-poor.”

Are we really related? Charming

Dear Diary,

I went to see Nose and Grey today in hopes they would know why Charming was in jail and prostituting his poetry powers. Nose barely spared me a condescending glance as I sat down on the bank beside them.
“No laundry?” she snipped, wringing out a skirt.
“Nope. Just wanted to say hello!”
Grey smiled and waved. “Hello!” 
Nose elbowed her needlessly hard. 
“What do you really want?” said Nose shrewdly.
There was no point beating around the bush. “Do you know why the other Charming is in jail?”
They gave each other knowing looks and Nose turned back with a smirk. “You mean you don’t know?”
“If I did, I wouldn’t be asking.”
“Charming’s having trouble in paradise. Apparently that Cindy girl is just as neurotic as she is pretty. Always obsessively cleaning. Passed a law to make ‘dirtying the castle’ illegal.”
“So, did Charming forget to wipe his feet when he came in?”
“Ha ha,” said Nose dryly. “Much worse. An ambassador had come to speak to the prince on behalf of the ogres and Charming invited him to stay for dinner.”
“Who was the ambassador?”
“Grom.”
I cringed. 
 Nose nodded knowingly. “Princess Cindy gave him sixty days. Pretty generous, actually. If my husband invited Grom to stay for dinner….”
But I never found out what Nose would do if she had to accommodate such a smelly guest, because at that moment, Rob strolled by. He was back to his normal size, and back in tights. When he winked at Nose and Grey, they practically salivated enough to finish their laundry without the help of the river. 

Disgusting, Charming

Dear Diary,

To celebrate being back in business, Rob has destroyed my good name as a bard. He retold the story of Me, Grumpy, the bars, and Princess Jessica. He claimed it was the “real story.” In the “real story,” I am painted as a conspirator and anarchist who makes a habit of releasing dangerous felons back into the public. I accomplished this breakout by means of high-intensity explosives and intimidation. He also made it sound like I pushed Jessica to her death, which was only avoided because of her good, pure heart. Now no one will talk to me. Not even Grom.

Street Cred = Reputation, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

One person will talk to me: Mrs. Brittle. She has been giving me free Cupcakes of Doom to make me feel better. She’s not so bad, really, when she isn’t trying to eat you. She’s been talking about going back to school, finishing that degree. I told her that would be a very noble thing to do and I support her all the way. 
“The only problem,” she said, “is that I’ll need to hire someone to run the shop while I go to classes.”
And do you know what I did? I told her that I would come work for her. Because that’s just the kind of guy I am.

All for education, Charming

Dear Diary,

I look great in the uniform Mrs. Brittle gave me. Black is really my color and eyeliner definitely works for me. I added Snowy’s red, high-collared cape for a vampiric touch. 
Rob came in and laughed at me, but at least I don’t dress like an overgrown Peter Pan. Robbie needs to grow up. I didn’t tell him that though, because, like Peter Pan, he also has a tiny little dagger while I don’t even have real pointed teeth. 
But, I did make sure to give him the burnt Cackling Cakes, which is only the start of my revenge. 

Won’t say too much here, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Rob has taken to coming into my work, and trying to torment me by telling bad stories. Today, he sang “Henry the Eighth” for three hours straight. I am not really sure he is worth keeping around as a competitor.

Second verse, same as the first, Charming
 
Dear Diary, 

I got a new scoop today. It is very shiny, and has a steel handle. I use it a lot around the shop. I also heard of a new story about some idiot of a prince who, in trying to find his way out of the Forest of Death, tried to eat some mushrooms that he found, in order to gain more clarity as to which direction he should go. Now, the princess he was on his way to save is still stuck in some smelly tower, and the prince is walking around with a necklace on that is much too big for him, and saying things like “groovy, dude” and “sweet dude” and “dude…” 

To the rescue, Dude! (Charming)
 
Dear Diary, 

I saw something very strange today. As I crested the hill that was supposed to be right before the smelly witch’s tower, I came upon a gigantic and unusually leafy beanstalk. I don’t know what it is doing here, but it doesn’t look like it is budging. Also, the poor kid I sold those beans to is standing next to me, and is growing increasingly anxious the longer I continue to ignore him as I write.

Fine, I’ll talk to you, Charming
 
Dear Diary, 

Jachariah, as his mother calls him, or Jacky, as he calls himself, insists that the beans that I gave him actually were magic. I did my best to not act surprised. He said it was really funny. When he told his mother that he sold their cow for a sack of beans, she got really mad and threw him out the window… or maybe it was the beans she threw out the window….  I’m not sure. Jacky has a bit of a lisp, hard to understand. But whatever. The next day, the beans had sprouted into this gigantic beanstalk that spiraled up into the clouds. Jacky climbed up to see what was up there, but after coming upon a big, smelly giant who makes outlandish threats in his sleep, he decided to climb back down, in order to have a real prince handle the job. Unfortunately, the prince assigned is the one who ate the mushrooms. Well, I have arrived. I am going to climb up first thing in the morning, as soon as I figure out how you can actually grind bones to make bread. Bone dust cakes could be a bestseller at Brittle’s shop.

Fee Fie Foe Fum, Charming
 
Dear Diary, 

I figured out how to go about making the bone dust cakes.
3 c. freshly ground bones
1 ½ c. water
3 large eggs
¾ c. sugar 
Dash salt
1-2 shots rum (to taste)
 
Beat ingredients together until lumps disappear, then bake for 20-25 minutes, or until golden brown, over a 350 degree open flame, or Grumpy’s hot head.

I have also climbed the beanstalk and arrived at the cloudy fortress of the giant. Snowy, who seemed to appear out of nowhere, tried to get me to let her come with. First, I asked where she came from. 
“Nowhere,” she said
“But how?”
“I can’t tell you. If you want to know, you’ll have to take Jessica’s class, ‘Conveniently Appearing Out of Nowhere 101.’”
I think I was right in leaving her behind to think about what she just said to me. 

Not overreacting, Charming
   Dear Diary, 
           I didn’t even make it all the way up before The Giant came after me. I have climbed back down, and he is about to follow. He is going down the fire escape, rather than the beanstalk, so that it doesn’t break while he is on it. 
 Gotta run, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
          This is how it all went down. “Alloooooooooooo” yelled Snowy to The Giant. “Oooooooooooh,” goggled the giant back. Slobber came down in buckets as he made his way to greet Snowy. She ran away from the beanstalk, and he away from his fire escape. In the meantime, I began to climb back up the beanstalk hand over hand. It became a little bit tiring after the first hour, but after that, I caught my second wind, and the last half hour was a piece of cake.         At long last, I finally made it to the top. Apparently, the giant had managed to rig some sort of a deal with the clouds, for, upon arriving, I noticed that nothing was holding his rather large house up. For some reason, he had bothered to have a foundation built under it, and yet, this was simply hanging out over the open air. I clambered up several flights of stairs, barely able to reach the top of each step, without having to stand on my toes.            There she was. The so called ‘Damsel in Distress.” She was sitting on an overstuffed leather divan, with an excessively large bowl of purple grapes at her elbow. At her feet was a harp that was playing all by itself beside a pained looking goose on an equally luxe sort of pillow. 
          I approached the damsel and tried to muster a sense of urgency in my tone. “I am here to save you!” I cried. She looked at me, obviously bored.            “Whatever,” she said. I was a little put out by her ambivalence, but, once again seizing upon my strong theatrical skills, and using my best method-based acting technique, I exclaimed,           “The Giant will be back soon! Come with me, if you want to live!” And with that, I grabbed her, and made for the fire exit. It was soon to prove rather difficult to make my way down, however, because the stairs were all so big. Because of this, I decided to slide down the railing. Taking the princess in my arms, I began to slide. After about twenty minutes of sliding, she began to protest, saying things like:          “Well, The Giant is a real man. He really knows how to treat a lady.” I chose to ignore this, as sliding was rather difficult with an obese heavily-pampered princess in my arms. She refused to stop talking about it though. She began to goad me. “Sometimes,” she said, “The Giant carries me using only one arm.” I was not about to be outdone by some overgrown, over-privileged, over-fed oaf. Therefore, I began to hold her with one arm. Several minutes later, she interjected “Oh, did I say one arm? I meant between two fingers…” I tried, but my fingers were not big enough. She was probably lying anyway, but I still had to show her. 
 It really was all her fault. She couldn’t possibly have expected… well, fine. I admit it. I dropped her. I watched as she fell through the clouds, and the Titanic music played in the background. I watched as her silky, sequined dress spread around her, making her appear graceful, even though she was rather fat. I could do nothing, and so I watched.           When I got to the ground, Jessica was sitting at the bottom, playing cards with the portly maiden. Just because she caught her, she thinks she is the hero. As if! By the way, do you see the pronoun hell we are in with this situation? This is case in point why Jessica should stop saving princesses.
Now, Jessica is following me around, trying to get me to admit that she is an all-around better rescuer than I am. I will not give in. 
 I saved her. That is that, Charming 
  Dear Diary, 
           Brittle had me work the graveyard shift yesterday and, too tired to make it to my camp, I slept on the dwarves’ couch last night and was awakened this morning by Grumpy ranting, waving his little arms around. Upon sitting up, I had little time to duck back down again under a teacup as it sailed over my head to smash itself against a curio cabinet behind me. The cabinet, depressed that it had just been used in the destruction of the teacup, gave a great shudder, and smashed itself against the floor. 
At this, everything else just exploded. 
In the center of it all stood Grumpy. He had just let out a mighty roar, which was preceded by the question he had awoken me with. “Who are you writing to?” 
I answered him right away. “Really, I don’t write for anyone but me….”
Then I realized he was not looking at me, but over my shoulder, where Snowy sat at the short little desk in the corner.           “Nobody,” she said pleasantly, adding her signature to the bottom of a letter with a flourish. “Nobody at all.” Grumpy’s face turned a deep purple, and I, afraid to get involved, chose that moment to run out of the cottage. 
 Duck! Charming
 
Dear Diary,
            Grumpy is relentless. Just to get Snowy out of the house, I took her to see Rob with me, so that we could throw things at him. Throwing things at people never fails to cheer me up. It must be something that runs in the family. Upon our arrival, he began a song. 
      I say it again      Repetition      Maybe it will make it true.      I don’t love you       I see you again      I know I’m alive      But I know you’re thinking      I don’t love you       I ask you again      Another excuse      Your beautiful eyes say      I don’t love you       I fall down again      Fall back in love      Ev’ry damn day      Can’t stop loving you       And it hurts           I see someone else      Think there’s a chance      Compare them to you, but      Can’t help but think      I don’t love you       So I continue along       My life is a basin      I know you can fill it      I still love you
             “Oooooooooooooh! I think Robby has a crush!” I yelled from the crowd, throwing a tomato. The tomato missed, unfortunately, but the words hit home.            “Do not!” he yelled “I just made that up about nothing. You of all people should know that not every story is true.”            I gasped. He had gone too far. “Yeah, well, you’re just, um, a big meany!” I said. I could tell he was hurt. His eyes went downcast, and he strode from the square, muttering something about how people are always hurting his feelings. 
          Perfect. Those extra emo-shots I’ve been adding to his cakes are working better than I had ever dared to hope. 

I won the battle. Now, to win the war. Charming
 
Dear Diary, 

Do you ever get the feeling you’re being watched? I’ve had this creepy feeling for the past few days, like someone is following me. It started at work a couple days ago, when I dropped a tray of gingerbread cookies and didn’t tell Mrs. Brittle about the loss of inventory. Could she have seen it happen? Could Rob have seen it happen? Is one of them biding their time to either turn me in or eat me?!

Shhh. Stop. You’re getting paranoid, Charming
Cool and collected, Charming
 Dear Diary, 
           To keep my mind off of this weird sensation, I have been looking into whom Rob could possibly be talking about in his work. I have drawn a blank. If I could just get whoever it is to go with him, I would be half-way completely rival-less. This will be a gigantic task. Usually, in order to set two people up, I have to know who both of them are. I guess I will just have to do my best. 
  										Hope, Charming
 Dear Diary, 
           The raging continues. This has been going on for about a week, and Snowy still refuses to tell Grumpy to whom she has been writing. Yesterday, he blew up a neighbor’s cottage just by looking at it angrily. It became so upset that he disliked it so much, that it merely gave up on staying solid. In addition, his shrinking has begun to accelerate. This is probably a result of his decrease in body mass, against the steady rate of cheese he has had smuggled in from Normandy.   

Help! I need somebody, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Grumpy is intolerable. I am sleeping outside tonight. 

Sweet dreams, Charming
 Dear Journal, My precious, nice, leather journal. 
 I see him. He is standing not thirty yards from me, practicing his art. He plays magnificently. He sings of a Lost Diary with such fervor. Oh, to have him miss me as terribly as he does this beautiful relic. I can’t stand it. I need to tell him that I adore him, and soon. I simply cannot contain myself much longer. Look at him. 
 Just look at him, Anon
  Dear, oh, dear,   I love to watch him sleep. So peaceful, so restful. Like a harbinger for prosperity, he can go through his hectic, exertion-filled day, and end, here. Well, not here, outside his window, but there, in bed. So incredibly restful. So incredibly sweet.   Oh, Anon
  My Journal,   He looked at me today. I stood across the street. He looked over at me, bought a chicken, and broke its neck. He is so strong, so powerful.   Just look at him, Anon
  Oh, Tome of greatness,  I took a big risk today. As he was sleeping, an Angel, surrounded by embers. I snuck, so, so, so, quietly. I opened the window just the tiniest crack. I leaned in just slightly. I did it. I smelled him. It was the headiest joy I have ever felt.   I feel so alive, Anon
  Dear Diary, Oh, to mimic him. To be like him.   If only, to be him. I cannot take it anymore. I have resolved myself. Tomorrow, I will meet him. I will speak with him. He will know that I exist!   To commune with one so great, Anon
 
 
Oh, Sanctuary of my soul,
 
This is a joyous day! My beloved touched me! I visited him at the bakery, where he performs  menial tasks so far below his worth. And briefly, across the counter, our fingers brushed. I became so nervous that I leapt off of the counter and ran, ran as fast as I could the moment he turned his beautiful back. 
 
Next time, I will be braver, Anon
 
 
Dear meeting place of two kindred spirits,
 
Oh, why do I bother? I saw him again at the bakery and I was hardly noticed. His attention was focused on some whorish tart. Oohh, To have been born a fruity Danish rather than in this crumbling, blandly frosted flesh. 
 
Why a bakery? He is far beyond cookies, Anon
 
 
Oh, Giant Journal of wisdom and Love,
 
I have tried, but simply cannot stay away. I listened at his window last night as he spoke in hushed tones to his raven-haired friend. He said he felt he was being threateningly followed and would have guards flank him the next few days. But he does not need guards. He has me. I may be smaller than the guards, but I am one tough cookie. 
 
I will protect him, Anon
 
 
Dearest, sweetest sheaf of dreams,

Those guards do not have my darling’s best interests at heart. When I tried to approach him today, they pounced. But I was faster. They can’t catch me. 
 
Sugar and Spice, Anon
 
 
I thought I would not see you again!
 
My beloved and I have had a misunderstanding. Once more, I visited him at work. When he saw me on the counter, his eyes lit up and I thought he had realized we were meant to be! But, alas! Though he picked me up in his strong, handsome hand, it was not draw me to his bosom and never let me go. It was to put me on a plate and sell me! How he could have mistaken my advances?  I got away though. I will live to explain to him what happened.
 
Confused and heartsick, Anon
 
 
Dear Diary,

That stupid cookie got crumbs stuck between your pages! I’m so sorry you had to go through that. I’m happy to have you back though, frosting stains or not. 
You’ll be glad to know that Anon, more commonly called the Gingerbread Man, won’t be bothering us anymore. He’s been taken away and locked up in jail. I thought someone should just eat him, but apparently that would go against the Code of Protection for Sentient Baked Goods. 
I am very shaken by this whole business. I have taken a leave of absence from the bakery. I can’t risk accidentally setting crazed cookies loose again. I’m going to take some time to be with my family and work on my stories. Mrs. Brittle understands and says she’ll welcome me back whenever I feel up to it. 
I’m not sure if I ever will, though. Just seeing a cookie gives me shivers. 

Snacking on cheese for now, Charming

Dear Diary,

The other Charming is back in jail again too! I hope he watches out for that little crazy cookie he’ll be sharing a cell with. 
According to Nose, Charming is a chronic befouler. Princess Cindy found an old sock under their bed that was dirty and old and growing things. She has given Charming another thirty days, though he insists he had nothing to do with the sock. 
Now, I have never known Charming to be a liar. If he says he did not leave a nasty sock under the bed, then he probably did not leave a nasty sock under the bed. Princes are notoriously honest, except for when they’re not. So obviously, there is some kind of plot going on. A villain has planted that sock in the hopes of getting rid of Charming for a while. A suitor for Cindy, perhaps?
Either way, I must make sure that Charming is aware of the threat of The Gingerbread Man. He has to be wary.

You know what they do to guys like us in prison, Charming

Dear Diary,

I am not sure what to think about what I have just seen. Or what to do. My loyalties are divided. Oh, why did I have to have a loose thread on my sleeve? Why?!
I needed a pair of scissors to trim off the loose thread, so I went into Snowy’s desk to find one. She didn’t have any, but she did have a letter sitting unfolded on top of everything. One letter. The letter “I” to be precise. I thought this was odd, so I picked it up to find another letter beneath it. “L.” Beneath that was an “O,” then a “V,” then “E,” then “Y,” and so forth. You get the picture. The thing is, this was not Grumpy’s handwriting! The writing on these letters looked like this:     
I Love You.  And, as you know, Grumpy’s writing is not nearly that wiggly. Is this who Snow has been writing to all this time? A lover? Or is this simply a secret admirer? Perhaps a gigantic snickerdoodle? 
I’m not sure if I should ask Snowy about this or just pretend I didn’t see it. This is a very sensitive topic that I’m not sure how to broach. I don’t want to accuse her, but….

See the problem? Charming

Dear Diary,

The under-the-bed sneak has struck again. Apparently he was not content to simply frame Charming for untidiness. This time, he has come after me. I woke this morning feeling particularly lively and so decided I wanted to wear one of my glammier pairs of stockings. I keep said stockings in a box under my bed. However, when I got down on my knees to fetch them, I found that the box was gone and in its place was a long green feather.
I used to know someone who wore feathers in his hair. His name is Jerkin. He took dance classes with Little Bo and me. He was never very good, and horribly jealous of my grace, balance, and above all, my name. Obviously, Jerkin has taken vengeance against the Charmings of the world. Considering how many Charmings there are, this could turn into a massive problem if left unchecked. 
It is up to me to stop this madness. I have considered confronting Jerkin, but chances are he’ll just deny it. Instead, (and I think this is my most ingenious plan yet) I will catch that little rat, with a play that I am calling “The Rat Trap”.

         The play is the thing that will find out his guilt, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

While bringing Snowy the first draft of my play this afternoon, I decided I would try to bring up the subject that has been bothering me. I had to do this in a sneaky way, so as not to appear suspicious of her. 
 	“So, who’s been writing you love letters?” I asked vaguely. 
Snowy looked politely confused. “Love letters?”
“Yes. I looked in your drawer the other day and saw some really big love letters. Who are they from?”
(Am I sly or what?)
“Oh those!” Snowy giggled. “They’re from The Giant. We’re having a steamy love affair.”
“WHAT?!” “Kidding!” said Snowy, punching me on the shoulder. “Did you really 
believe that?”
“Um. No.”
“Good. Because that’s ridiculous. The letters are from Grumpy. He wanted to remind me that even though he grows more disappointingly tiny every day, he still loves me with the heart of a man a hundred times his size.” She cocked her head to the side and smiled at me. I thought there was something steely in the grin for a moment, but she turned her attention to my play just then and I couldn’t tell for sure.
She is a good editor though, and she showed me how I could make this play much better. I’ll get to work on it right away.

Dotting i’s and crossing t’s, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
           I am still on paid vacation, and so, when I am not thinking about the play or Snowy’s weirdness or the awful zit that I can feel popping up on my nose, I have had some more time to reflect on my career. In addition to concluding that I am good at everything I do, I have also realized that there is even more competition in this field than I thought. In addition to Rob, I have seen that, in a sense, Charming is a competitor too, what with his constant outflow of depressing poetry and impeccably knitted scarves. 
I have also discovered a new hidden truth that has long remained overlooked. Small people write really small. Grumps wrote Snowy a grocery list today, and she could hardly read it without the aid of one of her squirrely friends. 

Nothing escapes me, Charming 

Dear Diary, 
      In my free time, I have taken to modern forms of expression.
      Men and children      Priests and women,      Serfs and nobles,      Riding on a dead man’s back.      If we hang on long enough,      Maybe we will get somewhere 
I’m not exactly sure what it means, but it has a certain ring to it. I think I will leave it for Charming to find when he gets out of jail. He will probably know. 
Also, I have decided that I will be putting my play on today, as soon as I find some actors.

Lights up, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

Auditions went very badly. There was not much talent to choose from. By the time the Pied Piper was finished with his piece, everyone over the age of twelve was asleep and the kids were missing. It took a good hour to find them all and drag them back. After that, Mrs. Brittle showed up with a dance routine that was so bad there is no other way to describe it except for simply unkind. This scared away all the other dancers, who had to immediately run home to make sure their thighs were not showing signs of looking like Mrs. Brittle’s. 
Geppetto had an amusing ventriloquism act, but it turned out he was faking it – the puppet could talk by itself. When I auditioned the puppet separately, he wasn’t terrible, but the performance was a little wooden. Little Boy Blue played his horn, and though he wasn’t bad, he’s just not what I’m looking for. 
In the end, the only ones who could pull it off were the Bearingtons. Mama Bearington did a few plays in high school and Papa Bearington has something like presence. They have a son who they seem to be pushing into the performing arts. They aren’t perfect. I wish I had better. Mama’s acting is a little small for the stage. Papa’s is a little too big. At least Baby Bear is as close to just right as we’re going to find in this talentless town. 
Now to instruct my performers. I have decided that it will be a silent play, with much large gesturing, but not much actual plot. I think it will be perfect. The Bearingtons seem to grasp what I’m trying to achieve. 

Please saw the air, Charming
  Dear Diary,
           The play went wonderfully. The concept was very popular. Everyone likes to think that there are people, or monsters, hiding under their bed. The thing is, I think that it is true for me. The minute Jerkin saw where the plot was going, he bolted, telling people that he had left the kettle on. 
 He is the One, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
       I have him tied up in my basement, and I have been eating cookies in front of him for a few hours. Jerkin loves cookies, and I know that he won’t be able to stand this for long. In addition, he loves to read over people’s shoulders as they are writing, and I am even denying him this pleasure by facing him as I write this. He looks just a little bit more like he has to go to the bathroom with each perfectly formed letter I sculpt upon my paper.

I will break him, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
        He is incredibly resilient. I have gained a few pounds in this process, and he still refuses to tell me that he was under my bed. Every time I try to question him, he simply shakes his head, and pretends to be confused. I will show him.

Oh, he will learn, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
        I am pulling out the big swords now. I have invented a new form of torture. I have decided to do a total makeover of my looks, and he is not invited to help me, or to voice his opinion. He may only watch, as I invariably choose the clashiest outfits possible. 

Mwuhahaha, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
       There has been a slight disruption. Jessica busted in through my wall today, and told me that I have the wrong man tied up. She says that there is another who wears feathers in his hair, and that if I don’t realize who it is by tomorrow, she will show him for what he is, and make it apparent that she figured it out before me. I will have to think on this. 

Me, lost in thought, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
      I don’t trust her. I have the right guy. 

I will not be discouraged, Charming
 Dear Diary, 
      Jerkin’s house burned down today. Apparently the kettle really was on. Oops. Back to square one, I guess.

My bad, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
      I have been sitting up, going through all of the sketches and portraits in my album. I have finally found our culprit. It is whoever Snowy keeps tearing out of pictures. In several pictures, there is Snowy, with somebody who had a green feather in their hair. In the space that there is supposed to be the feather-wearer, Snowy has torn them out. I will have to question her about this. 

Someone is very thorough, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
      I have questioned her about it. She insists that it’s just an old boyfriend, and that I should forget about it. Also, I have decided to put on a show tomorrow, after Rob. It has been awhile, I don’t want people to think he has scared me out of the business. 

Back in action, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
             I have learned who the feather-man is. I knew the instant I saw him, and can’t believe it has escaped me for this long. Rob went up to the front of the square, and began to sing this song.
      How may I learn to measure thee truly?      I could use grams, or liters, or stone.      But, then I would be neglecting a thing of great beauty      For, isn’t the greatest measurement the mole?       It’s element specific, which makes them feel nice      Nothing like personalization to entice      Them to measure easily- just look at the       Periodic table- it defies stupidity.       You see, it’s all in the atomic weight.      A mol has that number of grams.      It’s all the same in any state,      Because it follows the exact same rate.       By rate, of course, I mean constant.      The number of atoms or molecules in a mol.      6.0221415 × 1023  is about the value.      Many know it, and now, so do you.       So, all in all, the mol definitely rules.      It is the most bodacious of measurements.      And, because of its usefulness,      I would almost have to say it is too cool for school.
              That was when I knew for sure. He was conspicuously missing a costume piece, and had obviously stolen this material from Jessica. Rob is a big thief! He has been framing Charming so that he can get him out of the way, and he has been stealing all of his work from either Jessica or Charming. I asked them about this, and all they said was that they were never really sure who came up with it first. They thought, “Hey, maybe we did copy Rob after all.” They had been brainwashed! 
            When I realized this, I broke into a run, trying to get Rob, to bring him to justice. He was too fast. His tights turned into a green blur, and he escaped me. I will need to call in reinforcements. But who? Who could possibly be faster?

I get by with help from my little friends, Charming

Dear Diary,

I found this letter on my doorstep today.
     You want to catch the thief? 
     You’re going to have to team up with some people you 
	would rather not
     have on your side. 
     Meet me at the jail tomorrow.
     Yes, I do derive sick pleasure out of this.
     
     Sincerely, 
     Princess Jessica, The great and powerful. 
 
This is a terrible ultimatum. I will have to think about this.

Pride or punishment? Charming

  Dear Diary, 
           Only because I consented to help her, Jessica managed to get both Charming and the Gingerbread Man out of jail. We collaborated very well for this joint project. She distracted the guards, and I coerced the locks to open, with my dashing good looks. 

When your enemy is mine, Charming
   Dear Diary, 
           We now have Rob trussed up. The Gingerbread Man caught him in record time, tackling him to the ground with more force than one would expect from a sentient confection. Now, I just have to hold up my end of the deal. I have secured the Gingerbread Man a job working for Brittle and have given him the shirt I slept in last night.

What to do with our new hostage? Charming
  Dear Diary, 
           We have decided. Rob will be wearing purple tights until the end of this week. He raised a big stink about it but, thanks to Mommy, we got a court order allowing us to employ cruel and unusual punishment, so there is nothing that he can do. We have also ruled that he is no longer allowed to steal his material, but still must perform his own feeble idea of entertainment. 

Revenge is so sweet, Charming
 Dear Diary, 
           We have changed the parameters slightly. He will no longer be required to perform. Seven were injured before he could be stopped from going on yesterday. 

Ah, well, Charming

Dear Diary,

          Hips told me she wanted to speak with me about something, so I made my way over to her tower. After deftly avoiding having to drink the smoking, acid-green beverage she offered me by telling her I was only drinking pink lemonade this week as part of an experiment, she got down to the reason I was there.
          “At my appointment with Dr. Peep this week, she mentioned you, Charming,” Hips told me tentatively. “She asked me a couple of questions about what you’ve been getting up to. Off the clock, of course, I still got my whole session (I won’t discuss what I am being treated for), but anyway―”
          “Why would she mention me?”
“I’m getting there!” screeched Hips, beating me over the head with the broomstick in her hand. I quickly mimed zipping my lips and she went on. “She said she would really like to have a word with you, and as soon as possible.”
I began to laugh. “So she thinks I’m crazy?” I asked, still chuckling.
Hips wasn’t laughing though, and I stopped before she decided to hit me again.
“She might,” Hips said acidly. “Or she might not. I don’t know. She didn’t say any more than that she wants to talk to you.”
“Oh. Well, how can I get in contact with her? We can meet for a pint at the pub. Or a cookie at the confectionary, if she’d rather.”
“Actually she wants you to make an appointment.”
I think I have every right to be offended by this attack on my sanity. And to top it all off, Jessica walked by as I was writing my letter to Dr. Peep and peeped over my shoulder, and now she won’t stop laughing at me. I think this is very insensitive and judgmental of her. I guess our temporary friendship is over. 

Couldn’t be happier about that, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I think Grumpy needs to see Dr. Peep more than I do. This cheese addiction is unhealthy. He is now half the size of the biggest dwarf. 
On top of that, Snowy is becoming more and more secretive. She spends an inordinate amount of time running errands that she used to just have the squirrels do for her. This cannot be a good sign. 

What is she up to? Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I will have you know right off the bat that I have seen Dr. Peep and I am not crazy. 
Apparently, though, I am incorrigibly mean. 
I know, right?
Anyway, I went into her office, which has three walls painted light pink and one with hideous wallpaper. I asked her why, and she told me that she keeps forgetting to have the last one painted. Dr. Peep herself had nothing out of place and was just as pretty as I remember her being, but though she didn’t appear to have a flaw in her appearance, she also did not have a quill and had to borrow one from me.
“So,” she said when I had settled onto the hard couch against the unpainted wall. She looked piercingly at me from behind her spectacles for a minute. Really, an entire minute. 
“You wanted to talk to me about something,” I offered, trying to help her get back on track. 
“Right!” she said, pressing the quill to the parchment. “I wanted to talk to you about… that guy. With the feathers. And the tights.”
“Rob?”
“That’s the one.”
“You see Rob?” I asked.
Peep sucked on the end of my quill, apparently forgetting it was mine, which I found to be quite disgusting. When she snapped out of this short daze, she said, “Well, normally I can’t talk about my patients to other people, but this is a bit of a special case.”
“Oh?”
“Yes. You see, you are continually undoing all of the progress I have been making with Rob over the past few weeks.”
This startled me a bit. Undoing progress? 
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
“I….” she broke off. “I… don’t know….. Oh, right!” She shuffled around in a drawer and pulled out Rob’s file. She opened it and skimmed it while again depositing her saliva all over the end of my quill. “For a while now, Rob has been showing signs of intense EMO – short for Emotional Maladaptive disOrder.  This condition started up not long after he arrived in the kingdom and has manifested itself mostly as overeating and performance art – both very treatable symptoms and common to the disorder. Nothing I haven’t seen before. I think…. I don’t remember having seen it before, but I’m sure I must have. In any case, ever since he began talking about his rivalry with you, he has also displayed a case of kleptomania and God-awful poetry. Paired with your recent treatment of him – i.e. the purple tights incident – Rob has lost most of the confidence we have been trying to regain.”
Dr. Peep stared at me through her glasses for another minute. 
 
“So….” I said.
 She shook her head as if clearing her ears of water. “So, you need to stop being so very mean to Rob, so that he can heal.”
“Me?” I exclaimed, stricken. “Me, mean?”
“Of course. You’ve always been mean. Don’t you remember how awful you used to be to Jerkin in our dance classes?”
“No!”
“Me neither. But he certainly does and we correspond very closely.”
“So, what is this? A diagnosis? I have incurable ‘mean’?”
“’Mean’ is by no means incurable. In fact, the best treatment is simply being nice. But, if that fails, then yes, I will be forced to formally diagnose you and proscribe another treatment option.”
 Can you believe this? I am not mean! I am a selfless, hard-working hero, thank-you-very-much! 
Little does Little Bo know, the EMO wasn’t caused by my ‘mean’ at all. It was caused by the emo-shots that I put in Rob’s cookies, and that the Gingerbread Man is under strict orders to uphold. So no niceness I perform will make the slightest difference. 

Psych is a soft science, Charming

Dear diary, 
 What is this?
        I am empty      It has all come pouring      A torrent of good intentions      Of self-denied hope.       It hits a dam of reality      And never finds the sea.
  I found this under my pillow this morning, and have absolutely no idea where it came from. Even after coercing the Gingerbread Man with the promise of repeated dunking in skim milk, I was still unable to get a confession out of him. I’m not surprised that it wasn’t him though, now that I reread it. The handwriting is not nearly as creepy, and there is not a single mention of watching me sleep at night. 

Who then? Charming
  Dear Diary, 
       I saw a man in the       Street this morning.      He asked me how I was      I shrugged, and said       ‘Fine, how are you?’
      I saw a man      Bathing in cash      Without a care in the world.      I asked him how he was       ‘Fine, how are you?’       Was all he said.       I walked a road      Or two, down the      One way street,       Asking this question      Of all I could meet.      They gave this same answer-      Always lukewarm       Before I realized they       All wished to silently mourn.  Whoever it is, they have struck again. Wait- is that a blood spot at the end of the last 

stanza?  

I think I just figured it out, Charming
  Dear Diary,
           We have sort of a situation here. Rob refuses to leave his dark bedroom. He has been writing emo poetry for about twenty-six hours now, and he is only just beginning to show the telltale symptoms of emo burnout. Or, as I like to think of it, burnout burnout. He has started to crave fresh air. He won’t admit it, but I can tell by the way he talks about how he never wants to see the sun again. Something about it having forgotten him, and so he will be forgetting it. I dunno. This is all that I have gathered. I have told the Gingerbread Man to cut his dosage by half. That ought to help a little. 

Emo tear, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
           Rob refuses to be talked down. I came upon him, along with a crowd of gawkers early this morning. He was standing on top of the west tower of the castle, and refused to come down. It was about twenty-ten stories up. “Hey, how is it going?” I yelled out to him in greeting. 
“Fine, how are you?” He replied.  
“Fine.” I began to go back about my day.  
“By fine, of course, I mean that I am being smothered by the weight of the masks that we all wear. I can’t breathe. I can’t deal with this pressure anymore. It is all just too much!”            “Well, if you don’t want to wear that ugly old mask anymore, just take it off.” I reasoned.
“I am so misunderstood!” 
“What do you expect, dressing up every day like a freak.”   	“It’s not my fault I like to wear women’s underwear.”
“What?” 
“Nothing.” 
“Oh. Well, anyway, if you don’t come down from that tower, I am going to poke you in the eye. I mean it. This is getting old”            “Wouldn’t you love that. To crush me physically as you have emotionally. Fine. I will give you the opportunity. Here I come.” 
          And then he decided to take the short way down. He jumped. Everyone began to run around like chickens with their heads cut off. I stood there, coolly waiting for him to distract gravity, so that he could come and talk with me, and so that I could poke his eye out, since he seemed to want me to. 
          The thing is, after he fell about eight stories, it became apparent that he wasn’t planning on slowing down. 
          That was when I started to get a little bit worried. 
As the crowd’s screams grew louder, the running grew faster, and the general panic rose to a climax, Jessica stepped over and caught him. She really thinks she is something special, doesn’t she? 

I could have done that, Charming 
Dear Diary, 
           When I got up this morning, I couldn’t move. I was completely buried in little pieces of paper. Upon further inspection, I realized that they were the fruits of Rob’s labors, written shortly after he escaped from the psych ward. Apparently, Little Bo forgot to lock the door. He is fine now, though. I have him on only a quarter of the dose that I had him on before, and he is mellowing out quite a bit. 

Can’t… move… Charming 
Dear Diary,  
           The last time we were bombarded with this many farm animals, Father had accidentally moved the decimal point over when he was ordering head of cattle for the new year of meat. This time though, it is sheep. I have no idea where they came from, and I have no idea where to put them. 

1…2…3… Zzzzzzzzzzzz… Charming
  Dear Diary, 
           I was summoned to Little Bo’s office today. I am guessing it has to do with my new diagnosis. The visit began something like this.            I walked into the office, and upon meeting the receptionist, waited for the last patient to be let out. When the office door opened, the black-haired boy with the goats exited, followed by Little Bo, who whispered something to the receptionist about “pathological liars.” As they discussed this, the boy came over to me, glancing back at the office door. 
“You don’t wanna go in there,” he said.
“Why not?”
“She’s got a wolf under her chair. It’ll eat you if you aren’t good.”
I was only mildly concerned, and not particularly surprised to find that there were no wolves and the only thing strange about the office was that Little Bo had only braided half of her hair. 
She folded her little hands on the desk in front of her. “So, mister, ahhh…”            “Charming”            “I knew that.” Suddenly she looked quite alarmed. “Charming, I think my memory is somehow getting worse. I have been ……………………… ………………………….. What was I saying?”            “Your memory?”           “What about my memory? Is it really any of your business whether I can remember things? After all…… I do have a great memory anyway. I have never lost a sheep.” 
          I have never seen Little Bo with any shee- oh. It is all coming together. She is regressing. She has forgotten that she forgot the entire herd of sheep. Maybe if I can reunite her with them, I can snap her out of this, and then I can get my prognosis. In the meantime, I just have to hope it isn’t terminal. Mine, I mean. Hers too, I guess…..

Now, where did I put those sheep again? Charming
  Dear Diary, 

We (meaning the peasants with me in charge) have rounded up all of the sheep, and have them in a single barn. 
All but one, that is. 
 I received this delightful tidbit as we were searching from the last one. The message came from a peasant lady with chocolaty crumbs all around her mouth. She was obviously bribed to deliver this to me:   If you want to see your pretty sheep again, you will have to pay- and pay dearly. Bring an emo boy sacrifice to the abandoned cottage in the Forest of death at nine O’clock tonight, or you will never See your sheep again.   Signed, Sinister            This is going to be so easy! I will simply bring Rob to this abandoned house, and I will come out with the last sheep. Little Bo will be restored to confident, competent working order in no time flat!

So simple, Charming
  Dear Diary, 
            After kidnapping Rob, by luring him out of his house with bribes of black nail polish and the phone numbers of tragic girls, I brought him to the abandoned cottage a few miles from the edge of the Forest of Death. There, at around nine, all of the stars went out. When they came on again, Rob was gone and I had a sheep. That was all that there was to it. 

Ah, finally a straightforward, princely mission. Charming 
Dear Diary, 
           Bo has been reunited with her lost sheep, and all is glorious. I have my appointment rescheduled for this afternoon. 

Yay! Charming 
Dear Diary, 

I went to meet Bo again, and she got right down to business. She had even painted the last wall in her office.
“You traded Rob for a sheep?” She asked.
“Well, yeah, I guess so. Isn’t that awesome?” 
“Not at all. Charming, I hate to tell you this, but your diagnosis is not good. This is at a more advanced stage than I had originally thought. You don’t even seem to realize that you have chronic mean.”
“I don’t have―” 
“A sheep.”
“Well, is it terminal?”
“It can be hard to tell, but I’d say it is right on the threshold of treatable.”
“Well, what can I do? I can’t have my heart shriveling up and turning into a black hole―I’m much too handsome for that!”
“First thing’s first. You have to fix this.”
“Fix what?
She stared blankly at me. 
“Fix what?” I repeated.
“What?” she said.
 “What do you want me to fix?”
“Um… I didn’t know you had taken up carpentry, Charming. Good for you. I wasn’t going to ask, but now that you offer.” She reached behind her and pulled out a shepherd’s staff made of blonde wood with pink and blue ribbons tied below the hook. “This is defective.”
I thought it looked rather nice. Very highly polished, and the ribbons were tied neatly. 
 	“What’s the matter with it?”
“It doesn’t work.”
“Well… what should it do?”
“It should find me my sheep.”
“I just gave you back your sheep this morning. They are in your barn.”
 “I don’t think they are.”
“That’s impossible, Bo,” I laughed. “I just put them in there.”
“Don’t contradict me. Who’s the one with three degrees?”
“It depends on what kind of degree you―”
She hit me over the head with the staff. She must have been seeing too much of Hips. 
“That hurt. I don’t think that you’re supposed to beat your patients.”
……
“What are you talking about?”
“You hit me.”
Her eyes widened ever-so-slightly and she wrote something down on her clipboard.
She was still using my quill. 
“Well, Charming, that’s the end of our session for today,” she said. “We can pick back up with the issues you are projecting onto me through delusions of my violence next week. In the meantime: Fix my staff.”

……. What? Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I have just returned from Little Bo’s barn. The sheep are gone again. And the staff is obviously as defective as she said, because no matter what I did with it, the sheep didn’t come back. I tried hitting the ground with it, spinning it in a circle, talking into it, and twirling the ribbons. Not so much as a bleat. 

But how to fix it? Charming
 
 Dear Diary, 

Something strange is going on. There is a crowd of be-tighted men swarming around the outside of Snowy’s cottage.  

I must investigate, Charming
 
 Dear Diary,

The staff is going to have to wait. We have a situation.
Upon approaching the cottage, I discovered Snowy, standing in the doorway with her arms folded, looking thoroughly annoyed at the group of men who were all talking at once. A few of them were singing drunkenly, and no one was being very clear. She gave me one of those “This is my life” looks and I immediately rushed to save her. 
“What’s going on here?” I proclaimed in my most princely voice.
A general simmering down occurred among the men. One of them spat. It hit another’s shoe, and he grumbled about it but got quiet pretty quick when I gave him one of those “This is my life and it controls your life” looks.
“So? ” I said, rather demeaningly, bringing Bo’s staff down onto the ground with a reverberating echo. It works with crowds to shame them a bit. 
The tallest of the men (who, incidentally, wore the shortest tunic) raised his hand bashfully.
“Name?” I asked.
“Little John. Sir.”
“Little? There is nothing little about you, Sirrah.”
“It’s an iron.”
“A what?”
“An iron. You know. I’m big. I’m called Little. It’s an iron.
“Irony?”
“No, sir. That would be bad grammar.” He quivered under my steely eye. “Rob thought it was pretty funny. Rob used to be a pretty funny guy, you know.”
Of course. I should have realized that these were the fabled “Merry Men” that Rob lived in the woods with. The ones who stole from the rich and gave to the poor. I could only assume, since they were at the cottage instead of the castle, that they were here to give.
I decided to become a little merrier myself. “What brings you here, boys?”
A fat little friar raised his hand.
“Name?”
“Tuck,” said the friar. “And sir, we’re here to see Rob.”
“Oh. Well, he isn’t here.”
Little John looked especially sad to hear this news.
Was this EMO thing contagious?
“Look, fellas,” I went on reassuringly, “Rob is in the Forest of Death with someone named Sinister. So you’re basically on the wrong end of the kingdom. If you’d like, Snowy can delegate a sparrow to guide―”
“What do you mean ‘he’s with Sinister’?” demanded Friar Tuck. 
“I… well, he… actually….” I fiddled with the ribbons on the staff to gain myself some time. “He’s visiting. For the weekend.”
Little John’s eyes widened. “He is?”
“Yes,” I said. “They’re having a jolly good retreat.”
“But that makes no sense,” said the Merry Man who had spit on the other. “Sinister is the richest man in the land.”
“Actually I believe the king and his sons are the richest,” I corrected.
“No,” corrected the Friar in return. “Actually Sinister is.”
This was a painful bit of information. “How did someone get richer than the royal family?!”
“I believe he wrote a freakishly popular book.”
“What book?”
“Yer an Ogre, Grom , I think it was called. I never read it, just to be contrary.”
I tried to push aside this disturbing tidbit and focus on the task at hand. “Anyway. Rich or not, Rob is visiting him for the weekend. End of story.”
“If Rob is friends with Sinister,” said Little John slowly, “that means he’s gone over to the other side.”
“I… suppose it might...?”
“He’s friends with the rich. That must mean he is rich, because the rich don’t befriend below their status. Except for when they do.”
“Right.”
“So… Rob can’t be the leader of the Merry Men anymore.”
“I, um….”
“No, he can’t,” agreed Friar Tuck. “It undermines everything we stand for.”
“So who’s our leader now?” asked Spitting Stan (I never asked his name, but I think this is fitting). 
“Well,” said Little John, “It can’t be me, because I’m second in command and I don’t have an understudy.”
“And it can’t be me,” said Friar Tuck, “because I’m already a friar.”
“And it can’t be me,” said Spitting Stan, “because I like to spit and leaders can’t be so vulgar.”
The other Merry Men all decided that they couldn’t be leader either, for various reasons ranging from having three kids to support, to being the one who got stuck with the fishnets. 
“I have an idea,” said Little John, “How about if he’s our leader!”
I looked over my shoulder to see who he was pointing at.
Then suddenly, I was surrounded on all sides by cheering men in tights engulfing me in a large sort of group hug. 
“What just happened?” I asked Snowy after they dispersed.
“Looks like you’ve been promoted to Prince of Thieves,” she said dryly before turning back into the house.

How do these things keep happening? Charming

Dear Diary, 

The only way I can describe it is to say that it is simply marvelous. I never thought that prancing about in green tights was for me, but it really is very merry, and I have taken to it rather nicely. They have taught me all of their dances, even their fancy songs! Next week, they are going to fill me in on how to be the best archer in the land! 
It turns out that ‘Hood’ is not actually a part of Robin’s name. It is more of a title. 

Long live the Merry Men, Charming Hood

Dear Diary, 

I have gotten the Merry Men together, and have had them brainstorm over how we can possibly fix this staff. They have tried gluing, wishing, praying, switching, tying, painting, breaking even more, and, finally crying. All have been in vain. The staff remains firm in its brokenness. They are not exactly artisans, so I don’t know what I expected, but it is still pretty disappointing. 

Still crying, Charming Hood 

Dear Diary, 

I overheard Gray and Nose today as I was having my green tights washed by the river. The conversation went something like this 
Nose: “Did you know that there is a new Hood in town? He has the whole Merry bunch trying to fix that staff!
Gray: “Really? Has he realized that none of them have any skills beyond stealing and prancing yet?”
Nose: “Probably. The issue is, though, they probably wouldn’t be able to fix it, even if they were skilled artisans.”
Gray: “Really?”
Nose: “Yes, really. I was speaking with Minerva about it, and she said that the only thing that can fix a magical staff is the blood of an emo boy.”
Gray: “How would she know?”
Nose: “She has some magical tendencies herself. Just because she is all hips doesn’t mean she doesn’t know a thing or two.”
And that is when I figured it out. “Minerva” is Hips. I wonder who gave her such a ridiculous name. Now I just have to get my hands on an emo boy. This should be simple. There are probably plenty around town, just waiting to heal the staff with their blood. 

Emo poems for blood? Charming Hood

Dear Diary, 

This town seems to be fresh out of emo boys. It figures I traded the last one around for a sheep, and now I have to get him back in order to get the rest of the sheep back again. Crazy. Now, to formulate a plan to rescue him from this “Sinister”.

Operation emo boy rescue, Charming Hood

Dear Diary,

 I am currently making my way through the Forest of Death to rescue Rob. I have brought my increasingly merry posse with me to carry my lunch and play my background music. My plan is a simple one: Sinister is a wealthy writer. That means that he can be coerced by either a) more riches, or b) affirmation of his artistic abilities. I have with me a sack of gold that Spitting Stan assures me he requested of my father most kindly and a review that I have written about Yer an Ogre, Grom. Never mind that I have not read it. Everyone except for myself and the Friar have, so it was easy to find out more than I ever wanted to know about its storyline, character bios, and possible speculation about the upcoming sequel. I have used this information in combination with my―
Whoops. Ran into a tree. Occupational hazard of writing and prancing. 

BBL, Charming Hood

Dear Diary,

I arrived at the house, which, as I remembered, was actually a rather modest cottage of black wood with very pointed peaks. It didn’t look like a rich man’s house, but when I looked more carefully, I noticed a gleaming golden plaque that I hadn’t noticed before: 
 
Secluded Cottage #2

It said #2, insinuating that he had more than one cottage and cottages in various sorts of settings. 
I lifted the knocker (also gold) and knocked several times. I could feel the Merry Men behind me holding their breath. 
No one opened the door.
I knocked again.
The Merry Men continued to hold their breath.
Still nothing. 
I knocked more insistently, with my fist this time, and though I still heard no sign of anyone coming to let us in, I did hear a disappointed sort of hissing as the Merry Men tried to let their breath out as inconspicuously as possible so as not to appear to be quitters. 
Out of frustration, I kicked the door. It hurt my toe. And then the door opened in an angry sort of way and an angry sort of man stepped out. 
“What are you doing!?” he exclaimed, glaring at me viciously, his bald head reddening. 
I straightened up and tried to ignore my throbbing toe. “I am Charming H―”
“Master Sinister says that whoever is kicking his door and muddying it with boot-bottom filth should go away and bother some other literary genius.”
“Yes, sorry about that, but you seem to be under the impression that I am any old muddy-booted wanderer. I am actually Charming Hood of―”
“Master Sinister does not care who you are,” he said over me. “In fact, I would say….” He paused as if listening to something. “I shall be right back.”
He disappeared into the house, leaving me waiting awkwardly on the porch.
	“Hey!”
I heard the whisper from the bushes beside me. I leaned over to take a look and who should be there but the black-haired boy with the goats and the imaginary wolves. I put my hands on my hips and glared at him. “What do you want?”
“Don’t go in there!” he whispered. 
“And why shouldn’t I?” 
“Because there’s a wolf in there!” 
This was getting so annoying. Really, didn’t this kid have anything better to do than play unamusing lupine pranks on people? 
“Whatever,” I said cruelly. 
“No really! You have to liste―”
The angry butler returned, looking harassed and irritable.
“You said your name was Charming Hood?”
“Yes.”
He bowed low, touching his angry sort of mustache to the flagstones, and gestured inside. “Right this way.”
I beckoned to my Merry Men, but the angry man shook his head. I shrugged apologetically to my men. They seemed to understand. 
 Little John handed me my lunch basket. “Maybe you can trade it for Rob.”
“What’s in it?” I asked.
“Stuff from Brittle’s shop.”
I nodded. He had a point. If Sinister liked emo, he would certainly enjoy Skull Cookies and Bone-Dust Cakes, or at least the idea of them.
I stuck my tongue out at the wildly gesturing boy and went inside.
Angry-Bald-Man took me through winding and elaborately decorated hallways, past a marble staircase, over winding velvet carpet, and into a door off of the kitchen. 
He bowed me into the room and shut the door behind me. 
The room was a dark den, lit only by several candles. Against the back wall sat a hooded figure hunched over a desk with its back to me, furiously writing. Not wanting to be rude, but also wanting to get on with it, I cleared my throat.
The figure turned slowly in the chair. I could see nothing beneath the hood other than a pair of gleaming red eyes.
“So. Hood. You have something for me?” Sinister said in a gravelly voice.
“Um… yes!” I said, grateful for Little John’s moment of brilliance. I crossed the room and handed the basket to Sinister. His gloved hands poked through the contents for a tense moment. I decided to take advantage of the silence.
“I have a deal for you,” I said brightly. “You see, you have my friend Rob here and I was wondering if you would be willing to―”
“Where is the manuscript?” growled Sinister.
“….What?”
“The manuscript, you stupid little girl!”
“Little what?”
Sinister stood, his cloak billowing in non-existent wind. “I have told you before that a basket of treats will not get you anywhere, Hood. I require your writing abilities, not your baking! Or, perhaps you would rather not see your grandmother alive again?”
          “I suppose so. I mean, I never really gave it much thought. Now that you mention it, though, I really haven’t seen her in quite some time. I really should put forth more effort to see her.”           “I mean the one on your mother’s side. You know, the one that I-“            “What a big nose you have,” I interrupted. It just came out. I don’t know what came over me. Once I began to think about it though, I realized that it was true, and couldn’t help myself any more. The words came out in a steady stream, as I watched in horror. “And what big eyes, and big teeth, and big scary red pupils, and big whiskers you have.”            “All the better to smell, see, eat, scare you, and keep my balance with.” He replied, seemingly by rote.           “I’m sorry, I―” I began to apologize.             “It’s okay, I get that a lot.”            “What big forgiveness you have,” I said, sitting, and then we proceeded to talk business.           “Alright,” he said. “You may not remember, but I have your grandmother, and I am holding her hostage.”            “Oh.”           “I require that you give me a manuscript, so that I can continue to live as a hermit, but still be the richest in the land.”           “Uh, huh.”           “You will give me the manuscript.”           “Right.”           “Then I will give you your grandmother back.”           “Uh, huh.”           “That is it.”           “Okay. So, now, what is it you want me to do?” He then reiterated, and I was filled in. Once I had all of this down, I decided to try to strike a harder bargain. “Umm… do you know if you could advance me an emo boy, and I could give you two books?” It took a while, and he drove a hard bargain, but he finally crumbled when I promised three books, and some more of the pastries he had been eating.  When he held out his hand to shake on it, I noticed what furry paws he had….
“You were right,” I said to the kid in the bushes as I left. “He’s a wolf!”
The kid just scoffed and said “Whatever.”

How disrespectful! Charming Hood
  Dear Diary, 

I have finally returned with Rob, and have gotten Hips to agree to do the whole blood ritual thing without me. I can’t bear the sight of blood. 
In the meantime, I decided to go see Bo, in order to ask her if she had any idea of how I could speed the writing process up a bit.  However, I realized very quickly that she still doesn’t have her memory back yet, and, now that all of her sheep but one are dispersed, she can’t even remember her own name. I found her under her desk, asking her secretary why she was on the ceiling. She had forgotten which way was down. 

Guess I’ll ask later, Charming Hood

Dear Diary, 
           Emo weeping wailed through the night, and chilled to the bone those less poetic-minded. The ritual was taken to completion, and the staff was restored. Rob, after performing this task, felt well enough to visit me, and thanked me for rescuing him from Sinister.            “Thanks, I was really getting sick of him using me,” he said.          “What was he using you for?” I asked, cringing before I heard the answer.             “He needed emo poetry. It was terrible. He would set up situations just to make me feel even more alienated, more disconnected from all that is alive, so that he could steal my work. Also, he’s an avid euchre player, but he only has two friends. That really wore on the nerves too. I hate that game enough without trying to figure out all of his little cheating tricks, all while trying to be on the same team as Grom.”           “Well, you are safe from that now,” I assured him. “You never have to go back to that again. Now, I just need some help from you. I advanced him an extra two books to rescue you. I need one of those from you. Can you work on it?”            “You can count on me. The blackness that I feel inside can blot one thousand pages before I find solace, and when I do, it is momentary, superficial, all continuing on and on into the future. But what is the future? What is the life that I lead worth, if all that has worth is past? Just a shadow, a stain upon my heart, to blot another page. I am an inkwell without bottom, to be used again and again, never to be understood or sympathized with. My tears are….”           He continued on like that, but I decided to leave before he finished. Hopefully, he will be able to get something together soon. In the meantime, I have to visit Bo. 

Ah, the pain inside, it aches to be known, 
 just as I do, but it can never be, Charming Hood  

Dear Diary, 
            I convened a meeting with the Merry Men today, and had them gather every sheep that had been lost. Like so many herds of sheep, scattered on a hill, they were all gathered to be the wool of life. 

 Hey, I think there might be a story in that, Charming Hood 
Dear Diary, 
            The sheep have been gathered, with the shepherd leaving the flock to find those few who had strayed from the light. Also, I have begun to write a book for Sinister. I am thinking I will start it something like this.          “At the start, the world was a big, chaotic soup, and then I was all, like, let it be bright outside. And then all the lights came on, and then I separated the soup out, and it was really cool. And then I made animals, and plants, and people and stuff. The people were kinda like me, and were supposed to be much awesomer than any of the animals.” 
          That is what I have so far. I am not really sure where I am going with it, but I guess that all waits to be seen. I think that now is the best time for me to start writing my masterpiece. I am like a pure, unblemished lamb, and my writing will be pretty and woolly like me if I can get it done.  Also, I went to see Bo today, after all of the sheep were gathered.            “Hello, Charming Hood, how is your Tuesday going?” She asked. She actually remembered the day of the week. Hooray!           “Very well, thank you. I was wondering, do you happen to know any writers who wouldn’t mind having their work stolen?”           “Yes, I remember I had this old client. She was seeing me for postpartum depression. She was this big, goosy lady who could put stories out like it was nothing. I have her address. Memorized. It is 6873298 Drury Lane.” I thanked her profusely, and made my way out to tell the Merry Men. 

Takin’ care of business, Charming Hood

Dear Diary,
           I have finally made it to the place. 6873289 Drury Lane. Upon knocking, I was greeted by a gigantic fat man with rosy cheeks and a baker’s hat, who claimed to have the most friends of anyone in the world. “Everyone knows me!” He bragged. He then went on to force-feed me muffins until I was almost sick. I asked him where the goosey lady was, but I don’t think he heard me over my choking, and the sound of the ovens cooking more muffins. I will have to try again tomorrow, once this stomach ache wears off. 

So… full. Now I know the Muffin Man, Charming Hood
  Dear Diary, 
           I have looked back over my entries. I realize now that I had the wrong house. It should be 6873298. I hope this goose lady is friendlier than the Muffin Man. I am still in bed, because he fed me muffins to make me feel better. 

I must escape with my thighs! Charming Hood
  Dear Diary, 
            I got away today. I knocked on the goose lady’s door, and was greeted by perhaps thirty children. I would be depressed after that many too. Paradoxically, they were preceded by a woman who was no more than sixty, who ushered me into a living room filled with large furniture, books, and silver platters of muffins. 
          (I never want to see a muffin again. Seriously, I feel sick just thinking about them.)
She introduced herself as Mother Goose, and asked what she could help me with. I told her my purpose in coming to see her, and she agreed readily enough. She said that people are always borrowing her stories for one thing or another and that it tends to be rather popular and profitable for the plagiarizers in question. There is one condition though. I have to make the Muffin Man stop giving her muffins. 

This should be difficult, Charming Hood
  Dear Diary, 
           I was not able to fulfill her wish of having him stop baking them, but upon calling a meeting of the council of Merry Men, they decided that they would accept responsibility for her muffins. We shall never have to steal food again. Also, Mother Goose has suggested a great plan of action to get the books turned out quickly, so that I can get my grandmother back. She has suggested that I up Rob’s dosage of emo, and that I subsist on muffins alone. She says that man does not live by bread alone, but if he tries, that would surely make him achieve badass-status much sooner than he normally would. 
Hmm, that sounds pretty good. I think I’ll use it in my book.

The dates are set, Charming Hood

Dear Diary, 

The upped dosage has done a world of good. I found this on my pillow this 
morning:
       Absolutely Nothing       God takes out another brick to be able to see through the wall.      Another passenger gets off on an early stop to make more room on the train.      He pulls an ace out of the deck to make it legal.      Is this really why people die?       “I’m not hardened, mother” I just can’t see the point.      And I don’t need inspiration; I just need a goal.      I need something to hope for, but now my hope is dead.       1 Year it has been, and in all of this time, she stays on the train,      Knowing that she pushed someone else off.      She uses the wall for refuge, while knowing that she is responsible      For a chink in it.       Perhaps we have a regular Thisbe.       Who is on the other side?      What has this accomplished?      Who plays Pyramus?       What is it good for?      Absolutely nothing.  I asked him what it was about and he said that it was just an idea he had for a song, which sounded good with mythology. Apparently, the depth of his emo-ness is a little bit too subversive for even him to understand. Maybe we really never will understand him.  I also told him to stop writing in blood, and to stop somehow sneaking the poems onto my pillow in my sleep. That is not only gross, but it is also creepy. 

Charming Hood  (I just had to try it.) 
Dear Diary, 
            It has been awhile since I have written, but that is because I have been working on my book so much. In addition, Mother Goose and Rob have managed to get theirs done in record time, and I am ready to present the package tomorrow to Sinister, or, as I referred to him in my book, Sin. 

Time to relax and enjoy my success, Charming Hood

Dear Diary,

This is not a good day. Not only did Sinister tell me that the manuscripts smelled like failure to his huge nose, but Bo’s sheep are gone. Again. And she was doing so well too.
There’s more, don’t worry. Don’t think that some unfounded pessimism and some missing sheep can get me too down. But on top of all that, I received several urgent letters when I arrived back in the Hood:




Charming, 

	I’d like you to know that I am divorcing Chrissy and moving in with The Giant. I know this must come as a shock, but it’s for everyone’s benefit. I hope we can still be the best of friends, 
									Snowy
 
And I was like, excuse me? Then I read the next one…. 
And then I found another and it was all:
 
Dearest Minstrel,

Aye, me! Alas alack alas, my fate is all poor! My princess has left me for not sweeping the floor! If only your music could I once again hear, perhaps my poor heart could find solace and cheer!

								Charming
And then the worst of all:

Hahaha!

	While you’ve been prancing around in tights, I’ve rescued 17 princesses, 10 cursed maidens, 7 wussy princes, 3 kittens in trees, and one really short guy who fell in a pothole. Hope you’re enjoying the Hood!

								   Jessica the Perfect
 
It sounds as though I am really needed back home. Perhaps it is time to take my leave from the Hood. I mean, who else will help Snowy move her stuff, keep Grumpy off the dairy, be an amazing minstrel, and show Princess Jessica the true meaning of perfect all at once?
But first, I must determine the outcome of the novels and save my Grandmother.

There for everyone in their time of need, Charming Hood

Dear Diary,

 I can’t believe it! I have never been so insulted. Turns out Sinister loved Rob’s and Mother Goose’s books and signed his name to them no problem. But he had the gall to tell me that mine was derivative! Derivative! Can you believe that? I told him it was original and he just scoffed and told me I needed to stop passing off other people’s work as my own and do you know what he did then?
HE THREW MY MANUSCRIPT INTO THE FIRE!
And then he had the audacity to say that since only two of the books were any good, he was not going to give me my grandmother back. But on my way out, I ran into this fat girl with a red cape. She had a manuscript in her chubby little hand. I had only a moment to decide, but I knew that my grandmother’s fate was more important than this aspiring writer getting the approval of a plagiarizing fool. I proceeded to tell the girl that I was Sinister’s butler and would take the manuscript to him for her.
He loved it. He also gave me back my grandmother.  

Yay! Grandma! Charming Hood

 Dear Diary,

Wait a minute…. I don’t remember Grandma having such a heavy sort of brow. Or such a cackley voice. Or peasanty manner of carrying herself….

This isn’t my Grandma, Charming Hood

 Dear Diary,

I called a final meeting of the Merry Men today. They were sad to hear I had to go, but understood that familial and competitive obligations had to come first. 
There was some confusion about who the new Hood would be, but I had that covered. After prompting them to participate in an exciting drum roll, I presented:
Little Red Riding Hood!
“But she’s just a little girl!” protested Spitting Stan.
“Which is why she comes complete with an adult guardian,” I explained, indicating the woman who turned out not to be my grandmother after all. 
This was good enough for the Merry Men, and they rejoiced at their new Hood and bestowed upon her the commemorative green tights and sang and danced and made merry until long after I had left their Hood for the more civilized parts of my own kingdom.

There’s no place like home, Charming

 Dear Diary,

Everything is chaos. 
The top of Grumpy’s head no longer even reaches my knee. The other dwarves are starting to wonder if he can really be considered one of them any more, especially now that Snowy is gone. The cottage really is a desolate place without her. The kitchen is a mess, the dwarves smell, and all of the woodland creatures that had been so abundant seem to have vacated. I don’t get it. The Merry Men manage to remain civilized and relatively clean (with the exception of Stan) without any sort of female influence. Why should the dwarves’ sanitary habits die? 
I tried to ask the blushing dwarf what the deal was, but he giggled and ran away, so I tried the one with the glasses instead. 
“Well,” said Nerdy, “there’s really no point in keeping things neat if there are no ladies around.”
This, I knew, was a copout answer. I took a moment to consider the situation, and realized the prime difference between the dwarves and the Merry Men: Tights. 

I’ll clean up their act yet, Charming

 Dear Diary,

When I went to see Nose and Grey today to borrow some unguarded tights for the dwarves, an alarming sight met my eyes.
Charming was there, helping Grey hang sheets on the line. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked him.
“Oh!” Started Charming, wringing his hands together in an embarrassed fashion. “Well… I’ve taken an internship with Nose to learn how to do laundry and gain work experience for the real world.”
“… Why would you do that?”
“Because….” He faltered, then sank to his knees, dirtying his tights, crestfallen. “Because I want Cindy to take me back!”
I was confused. “Why would this make her take you back?”
“Laundry is a very clean activity. Being able to do it might make up for the rest of my slobbish habits.”
“Are you really a slob?” I asked Charming, honestly curious. He certainly didn’t look like one. I mean, his princely garb was all very well pressed, his hair was neatly styled, and his fingernails looked positively pristine. 
Yet, he nodded sadly. “Yes. I’m afraid it is so. I occasionally hang my clothes up facing different directions. I leave my acne wash on the counter with the cap off. I don’t neatly fold the loose end of the toilet paper into an aesthetically pleasing triangle when I’m finished with it. I’m a mess. I don’t know how anyone could stand living with me. And what’s awful is that I never even realized it! I thought I was a pretty neat guy, you know? But then Cindy showed me how terribly misguided I’ve been. I must change my ways to show her I really care!”
There were tears in his eyes, and as he brushed them away, he laughed bitterly. “There I go again. Touching my face without washing my hands immediately before and after. Hopeless.”
I knew then that tights were not the answer to the dwarves’ problems. I’ll show Charming what it means to be a slob.  

My work is never done, Charming

 Dear Diary, 

 I went to visit Snowy today at her new place. I must say, it is huge. That Giant must be some moneymaker. I found Snowy in the kitchen, sitting at the polished table… or rather, on the polished table at a smaller table beside the coffin-sized butter dish. She was having tea with Princess Jessica. 
“Nice place,” I told Snowy, leaning on the small table and ignoring Princess Jessica entirely. 
Snowy must have caught the edge in my voice that I had tried really hard to keep inaudible. She crossed her arms and looked like she was about to get defensive. “If you came here to be sarcastic, Charming, you can leave.”
Ouch.
“No…. I came here to see you. And it was a pretty long way. You should probably offer me some tea and a chair. I am your best friend, after all.”
Jessica gave a quiet snort. I glared at her. She waved her hand apologetically as she stifled her chuckles.
Rolling her eyes, but smiling slightly nonetheless, Snowy whistled and a small flock of cardinals flew a chair up and Snowy poured me a cup of tea. 
“Any milk?” I asked.
“I’ve told you before. Jessica is lactose-intolerant.”
“Oh yeah….” To be honest, I had forgotten about that. I will have to keep it in my mind now in case I ever plot her downfall again. “Does it make you shrink?” I asked.
“No,” said Princess Jessica. 
“Then what does it do to you?”
“Nothing.” And I could tell by her tone that not only was this conversation over, but any other conversation I should ever wish to have with her was over too. 
“So how are things, Charming?” said Snowy, passing me the sugar. 
“Messy,” I sighed. “But I’m taking care of it. I always do.”
“Back in the minstrel business?”
“I have a performance on Saturday. You should come.”
“Alright. I’ll bring Big.”
“Big?”
“My boyfriend. That’s what he asked me to call him. But you’d better stick with Mr. Giant. I wouldn’t want him to crush your bones to make bread. Oh, that recipe of yours has really come in handy, by the way.”
We spent a good hour catching up on each other’s lives. I also found out that she thought I’d be mad at her for leaving Grumpy. I assured her that though he was my brother and very difficult to deal with on my own, I understood her decision. This was not entirely true, of course. I’m rather angry to have been deserted like this. But now was not the time or the place to address it, what with Jessica beside us taking in every word. 

Feeling emotionally maladaptive, Charming
Dear Diary, 

 Operation cleanliness has been put into affect. I dropped Charming off at the dwarves’ house about an hour ago, and already, this has floated to me on the wind 

They crawled on their hands and their knees all their lives
They’ve never seen the sky
They’re all trapped, in a shoebox
They’ve never seen a Bird of Paradise fly.

But they know not for what they pine
Nor what it is they lack
They’ve never seen the sun before
They’ve lived their lives in black.

For, they know not the choice they’ve made
Ev’ry day of their sad lives
They don’t see that they could lift the lid
So to this purpose, they may never strive.

I just let a small note go, explaining that they were not always like this, and that he would be able to whip them into shape, or I would be forced to get Cindy in there. He doesn’t want that. 

Haha! Charming

Dear Diary, 

I brought Cindy over today, in order to bust out the big bastard swords, but when we arrived, the place was spotless. Even she could not find one thing wrong with any part of the house. Charming, on the other hand, looked completely spent. His hair was not done just so, and one of his boots was untied. Cindy, upon seeing this, decided that he was not who she thought he was when they married. She proclaimed an annulment, and, in the same breath, proposed to the smallest dwarf who, it seemed, had scrubbed most vigorously. I explained to her that he only scrubbed hard because he was angry, and that he had broken eleven brushes in the process. She could not be deterred. Grumpy and Cindy will marry later this week. 

Oh, the twisting road of fate, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Charming is staying with me now, at least until he gets back up “onto his feet” as he puts it. He keeps beginning sentences, and then stopping midway, and, saying “never mind”, returns to whatever solitary activity he is currently engaged in. Right now, he is polishing all of his boots. 

This should take a while, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I saw Grumpy today. He seemed to be a completely different person. Not only was he much happier, he was also a full foot shorter. Apparently, Cindy has been waiting on him hand and foot, as she is wont to do, and his main request has been for cheese. At this rate, the cheese blocks will be bigger than him very soon. 

So… Cheesy… Charming

Dear Diary, 

I really have to get back on task with my bardly endeavors. Jessica keeps outshining me, and the only reason Rob has been making it as a bard is because of the emo I have been feeding him. His art is nothing without it. With it though, he has a cult following. Literally.  “Rob Xombies” as I call them have been multiplying daily, and his occult actions are becoming increasingly strange. Just today, he bit the head off of a bat and peed on a very old, very historically significant building. He is now spending time in jail for that last offense, but he should be out soon.  
In the meantime, witch schools are becoming increasingly well attended, and nobody seems to be able to do anything about it. 

Burn to the witches, Charming 

Dear Diary, 

I have a completely new plan to get Jessica to fall under my shadow. Suffice it to say that she will have a slight mishap. Not a big one, just some misinformation about which house is which, and, next thing anyone knows, she will be known as Jessica, nice-old-grandmotherly-type-slayer.

Now to just set it into action, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I seem to have made a slight mistake. I sent her an urgent message, saying that the witch at a certain address could not be reasoned with, and would have to be killed. I then gave her the address across the street from one of the closer, slightly more harmless witches of the area. 
What I didn’t foresee is that the random neighbor would happen to be the evil monster, Grinder. Well, the name was something like that. Nose was a little stuffy today. She might have said Grindel, Grendil, Greasy… I’m not absolutely sure. All that I really know is that it was gigantic, with hair covering its body, and a penchant for eating people first and asking questions later. Jessica must really be spinning tales, or really working out in her free time, because they are saying that she ripped Greasy’s arm off. Now that goat kid has managed to get everyone to call her “Jessica the Wulf”. Who would have thought that she would ever Be a wulf? 

I am so sick of her lies, Charming

Dear Diary, 

It is true. I can’t believe it. She must have had some really beefy parents or something. 

What? Charming

Dear Diary, 

If I cannot defame her so easily, I will merely have to rise above her in fame. Today, I saved a cat from a tree. Somebody, whom I certainly don’t know at all, wrote an epic poem about it, and submitted it to the manor bulletin too! What good luck that I happened to be the first to walk by, and that somebody happened to see, and that they happened to feel motivated to write a couple of thousand pages of iambic pentameter about it. Wow, it has been a lucky day. 

Well, maybe it wasn’t ALL luck, but, you know, Charming

Dear Diary, 

Grumpy got kicked out of the league of the dwarves today. They said that, if he is a dwarf to them, then he can’t be expected to be just a dwarf to us. Therefore, he has been demoted. Fortunately, Snowy happened to mention that the little harp player in the Giant’s house recently moved away to Normandy, so he should be able to fill that position, as soon as he gets over his anger enough to not break every string as he plucks it. 

And as one door closes… Charming

Dear Diary, 

I had a performance today. I stole my piece from Rob. It went something like this:

You ripped my heart out, it hurt me a lot
Please don’t spite me by giving it back.
I’ve hit the sidewalk, I am badly bruised
Please don’t belittle my fall by picking me up.

Please don’t spoil my tears by wiping them away
Please don’t steal my blood's purpose by stopping it up.

Don’t let me end this pain
Don’t catch my fall
Don’t stop me from hitting the sidewalk

Instead, lay down next to me,
Share my pain, mingle our blood,
And we will be as one.

I asked Rob what a Sidewalk is. He said he wasn’t sure, and that I should ask Grumpy. He added that he only borrowed that one word from Grumpy, but the truth is obvious. Despite her affair with a Giant, his own short marriage to Cindy, which he, unbeknownst to me, ended yesterday, (supposedly because she didn’t give him enough excuses to be angry and that made him angry), and being ostracized from those in communication with Snowy, he still wants her back enough to make Charming write sad poetry for him and give it to Rob to perform. 

This could get complicated, Charming

Dear Diary,

 I think that it is finally time for plan B. By plan B, of course, I don’t mean a second plan. That would not be fitting, since I never even had a first plan. By plan B, I really mean plan BB: Brother Bonding. I thought that with all this drama over females lately, Grumpy and I should spend some quality Man Time together. I secured us tickets to the next Rob Xombie show by paying Rob’s bail, and thereby ensuring that there was a show to secure tickets for. The show was… bad. But Grumpy liked it, so that’s what matters. I have a bruise on my shoulder from when he kept jumping up and down with the beat in his angry, hobnailed boots. I even bought him a concert shirt with Rob’s insignia (a bloody feather), but they didn’t have his size, so I’m going to have to find a witch to shrink it…. Or I could just give it to Nose to wash, that might work just as well….
After the concert, we headed to Grom’s bar, succinctly named LOTS OF GROG, all capital letters. LOTS OF GROG is a crowded and rowdy place with much drunken shouting, ex-cons, and more than its share of violent bar fights. Naturally, it is Grumpy’s favorite hangout. 
We sat at the crowded bar (Grumpy on the bar on a stack of napkins) and proceeded to order two large grogs. Everything was going wonderfully. Once I got used to the horrendous stink of the place (which, I realize now, is caused by a cloud of Grom’s noxious breath), it was actually rather refreshing to sip disgusting grog while listening to a couple of beefy peasants compare mom tattoos. 
Just as I was expressing to Grumpy that maybe I would like to get a tattoo, perhaps of a pretty princess, or a flower, or something of that sort, the door swung open, and suddenly the hubbub subsided, a collective gasp rose into the air, and all of the burly men closest to the door drew back as one.
I lifted Grumpy above the crowd so he could see what was going on. He turned around with his tiny eyes widened. 
“Ogres!” he whispered excitedly. “Two of them!”
The ogres began to stomp toward the bar and the crowd split like a pea pod to let them through. I tried to act nonchalant as they chose the seats next to me. The seats that the tattooed peasants had been occupying. The peasants had been unceremoniously shunted aside. The ogres were probably around 1.5 Charmings tall with green-tinged skin and bald, scabby heads. One of them had a large mole on his face in about the same place that the other Charming has. Only it didn’t enhance his features, somehow. 
“What can I get for you boys?” asked Grom from behind the counter. He was merrily cleaning out a glass with a dirty rag and seemed not to notice the disturbance this arrival had caused. The rest of us decided to follow his lead. Slowly, everyone went back to their own conversations and their abandoned grog. 
Grumpy and I though, through an unspoken pact, decided to listen in. 
The ogre with the mole grumbled something to Grom, who turned away for a moment and returned with the two most enormous tankards I had ever seen in my life. He seemed to notice the surly looks of the ogres, because he said kindly, “Aw, come on, guys. Don’t look so down. I’ve got another meeting with the king tomorrow. The act is going to be repealed in no time.”
“What act?” I mouthed at Grumpy. He shrugged. Then shouted to Grom, “What act?!”
Grom looked around, apparently not sure where that came from. I choked as the fumes from his mouth became directed at me as he seemed to decide I had had been the one to ask. 
“You know. The Cheese Tax Act. The one put in place to keep the prince from eating cheese?”
“Oh, that one,” I said, pretending to chuckle to cover the fact that I was gagging. “That will be repealed. It’s not working anyway.”
I didn’t mention that I was the one who had passed the act. For some reason, it seemed like that would be a bad idea. Just intuition. I have unusually good intuition. 
One of the ogres grunted something at me. I don’t speak ogre, so I turned to Grom, who translated. 
“He said, ‘it better be. The Cheese Tax Act was the last straw. If not for Grom,’” (he paused and looked pleased with himself for a moment), “’that king would just keep on passing these anti-ogre laws every day.’ In case you didn’t know, most of the cheese in the country is made by the ogres and the taxes are causing profits to go way down,” Grom added. 
I nodded as though I already knew that. 
The rest of the evening was pretty basic. We drank lots of grog, and joined in with a few sailor songs at the bar. The Gingerbread Man showed up and sat with us for a while, staring at me with his gumdrop eyes over his grog until Grumpy said something about how The Gingerbread man was not a tough cookie, and the two of them got into a bar fight which ended with the Gingerbread Man falling in the grog and pretending to drown so that I would give him CPR. Luckily, I don’t know CPR, so Grom jumped to it. He didn’t even have to come within a foot and the Gingerbread Man was out the door. 
The only other weird thing that happened was with Grumpy. When I jokingly said that he should celebrate his victory over the Gingerbread Man with a hunk of ogre-made gouda, he looked slightly disgusted and just shrugged. 

Who can blame him? Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have done some research. It turns out that Father got bored with my taxes and decided to raise the cheese tax from where I put it to an amount that makes cheese more valuable than gold, by weight. Still, though. I don’t see what the big problem is. If the ogre’s cheese really was that good, they would still be able to sell it, right? Father is really just giving them a challenge. 

MMMMM… Gold

Dear Diary,

Rob seems to have taken his “Rob Xombie” following a little bit further than I supposed it would go. He has formed it into a close-knit cult, with lots of weird rituals conducted in cemeteries and parents’ basements. They have also started dressing like they are about to go to battle, in classic emo fashion. I have a bad feeling about this. I think I will speak with Bo and see if I can get her to actually help him. I might even have to take him off of the emo shots. 

Uh oh, Charming

Dear Diary, 

         I have spoken with Bo. She has discovered that he is on the emo shots, and has neutralized them. It was fun while it lasted. Also, she has locked Rob up again, in order to ensure that his withdrawal goes smoothly. 
The downside is that Bo says that this whole “making Rob emo” mess is conclusive proof that my mean is in a dangerously advanced state. Group therapy has been mandated.

Not crazy, just unwell, Charming

Dear Diary, 
 I found this on my pillow this morning:
      Taught me Joy       My father taught me greatness      And led me to achieve it      And with me in his footsteps      We were both shining stars       My mother taught me her faith      And led me to believe it      When both on the same path      Toward heaven did we walk.       My cousin taught me joy       And raised me up to feel it      Despite the blistered feet      Among the shoeless ones       My father was successful      My mother met her God      My cousin lived her joy      Now I am all alone       Now they have all departed      I feel I need a lesson      They fade in my mind      I see I have forgotten       I may find a teacher      To dry out all the tears      To teach me a new lesson      And let me hold her dear       This one will never leave me      Her lesson I will live      Despite all my failings       I will learn Joy again.
  Wow, I think the emo has finally left him. Wait a minute. Something appears to be coming through the window now… 
  Happy Poetry

And if I write a benediction 
Set it out on sails of glee
Watch it float upon my paper
Far and far away from me

Will I still hold my happy sayings?
Can I make nice words ring true?
When from me all my thoughts have gone
To that sea not deep nor blue?

I think that I will hold my lightness
Weighed down in a heart of lead.
I can’t write such common phrases
So stark ones I now write instead.

I don’t need your drugs to calm me. I don’t need your arms around me. I am alone. I know it deep within myself. I thought I lost the truth, blinded by the light. I have found my darkness again.  ROB the XOMBIE!

Nevermind, Charming

Dear Diary,

Those poems did not find me by coincidence, blowing out the psych ward window. Word on the street is Rob is out. Bo forgot to lock the door. Again.

I will monitor this closely, Charming

 Dear Diary,

I went to my first meeting of group therapy today. Bo never showed up, so we didn’t get down to much business, but I was surprised to see some familiar faces. Mrs. Brittle was there, looking rather pleased.
“It’s my last day!” she squealed to me quietly. “I’ll be graduating from school soon, so there will be no need for this anymore!”
In addition to Mrs. Brittle, Sinister was present, moodily flipping through a manuscript and talking to himself.
“Yes,” he whispered creepily. “Yes, this should do it….”
 I shifted in my seat to catch a glimpse of the title page. Gooney, Ratsnout, Stinkfoot, and Grom. A sequel to his first hit, perhaps? I hear its coming out this week. I couldn’t be sure though, and as soon as I opened my mouth to ask, Sinister looked up with a low growl, his demon eyes burning so fiercely they singed my favorite ruffled shirt. 

 Sad face Λ, Charming
   Dear Diary, 
           I hear that there will be a big event this weekend with the Xombies. It has something to do with some planet passing close by, or an asteroid. I don’t know. All I know is, they are going to dress up, stand out in a field, and drink punch. I think I might like to go.

Might as well, Charming

 Dear Diary,

 I have a bit of a scheduling problem. It seems that the Xombie party is going to be taking place at the same time as another party which Charming has invited me to. Charming refuses to tell me what this party is, claiming I won’t give it a chance if he does. But he also says that he will be really sad if I don’t go. We will both attend both parties, but are in a dispute as to which to attend first. I want to go to his first, because the Xombie party will probably get better as the night goes on, but Charming insists that if we do that, we will miss some sort of costume contest at his. This gives me very little idea as to what kind of party we are going to, but I did find a black cloak and a funny-looking pair of glasses in Charming’s bag today sitting on top of a battered copy of Yer an Ogre, Grom.

I hope it’s his costume, Charming
 
Dear Diary,

I played an early show in which I recited memorized excerpts from my book that Sinister rejected, and then headed out with Charming. We are currently near the punchbowl at the Xombies’ party and I am feeling very annoyed. First of all, not only is Charming dressed up ridiculously with the cloak, a fake peg-leg, and those ridiculous glasses that make it look like he’s got one big, freakish blue eye, but he’s also being moody. He keeps sulking and covering his ears, complaining that the music is making him go deaf. I should have known better than to take him places. 
On top of that, the music is making me go deaf, Rob is nowhere in sight, and the punchbowl has been covered and locked, making it so that we can all see the delicious grapey goodness in the crystal bowl, but cannot drink it.
“Not yet dudes, but soon,” said a Xombie who looked strangely familiar. I realized moments later that he was the prince who had eaten the funny mushrooms. Apparently, he was still at it, and he offered me one, which looked delicious, and I was quite hungry, but the other Charming snatched it out of my hand, stepped on it with his peg-leg, told me to be more vigilant, and then continued to sulk. 
Everyone else seemed to be digging in to the mushrooms though, as they milled about in their emo-Xombie-battle-wear and kept throwing expectant glances at the stage that had been set up in the middle of the field. 

Expectant as well, Charming
 
 Dear Diary,

 I can’t believe we left the Xombie party early for this fiasco. Things were finally getting good too.  Rob had stormed the stage, appearing in a cloud of fragrant smoke and sparks, screaming into the mic as feedback screeched right along with him and everyone cheered. The amps buzzed to life as he struck the first chord on his mandolin and it was so loud that one of the amps burst and three people fainted. If Charming had been one of them, he would not have grabbed my wrist after the first song, just as Rob was screaming for the hippie prince to open the punch, and literally pulled me all the way to the Forest of Death.
I wasn’t even sure that it was a party at first. It just looked like a bunch of weirdly dressed freaks talking to each other and waving wands. A witch party? But no. It was much worse, as I realized when I thought I saw Grom in the corner and went to say hello, only to be greeted by a most un-Gromly scent as he turned around. It was not Grom at all, but a poor imitation. A costume.
Several of the ogres were real enough, and I asked one who was wearing the same eye as Charming what was going on.
“Gooney, Ratsnout, Stinkfoot and Grom  is released tonight at midnight,” he grumbled cheerfully, unable to keep the excitement out of his gravelly voice. “Didn’t you know? We’ve been waiting years for the release of the second book!”
Sure enough, Sinister was there, at the far side of the clearing, signing copies of his first book to a long line of cloaked geeks. 
Now it was my turn to pout. I was missing a rocking rave for this? 
Charming seemed to be having a good time. He was chatting with a few young ladies about their various theories about the book and pretended not to hear me when I told him I wanted to leave. So I told him again. Loudly. In his ear. Actually, I yelled it.
He put on his trademark princely sad-face and pleaded, “Just stay till midnight, Charming, please? Then we can go back to that other party.”
“What am I supposed to do until then?” I asked, annoyed. 
“You could join in that game of Stinkball over there. Or get some of the book-inspired candy at the concessions; I hear they have Gross Gumballs. You could go find out what Ogre Team would best suit your personality.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. I haven’t read the stupid thing!”
I think I said it too loudly, because suddenly every eye in the clearing was staring at me. The blue ones doubly so. 
Next thing I knew, I was whisked off to a secluded corner, placed in a cage, handed a thick volume, and told that I could not come out until I had read every letter of every word.
 
I’d better get started, Charming

Dear Diary, 

For some reason,
this book contains
an odd number of 
inexplicable
references to monastic
life. I have no idea 
what this could all
mean. Many of his 
paragraphs start with
“Well, after Matins”
And other weirdnesses.
Oops. I just wrote this
in the book margin. 
I’ll have to tear it out and
glue it in, Charming

Dear Diary,

I am on the last chapter. So far, it has been terrible, but the plot might still pick up. I am hopeful. Friar Tuck is here, and, for some reason, he seems rather put out. I have no idea why he would be here, after insisting that he has never read the book. Either way, I will be out of here soon, and then I can go on to drink some punch with the Xombies.

Mmmmmm… punch. Charming

Dear Diary, 

They have given me a quiz. It looks something like this:

     What is the first word on page 462?

     What is the authors’ mother’s maiden name?

     How many?

     What kind?

     What color is it?

How many pages would the book have been, if the author had used an alternative ending?

What would the alternative ending have been? (Be specific)

What is the sound of one hand clapping in a forest when there is nobody around to hear it?

They say that I will not be allowed to leave until I can get at least an eighty percent on this exam.

Preparing to cheat, Charming

Dear Diary, 
           Friar Tuck has been extremely helpful and, for some reason, knew all of the answers. He passed them to me, coded, on the inside of one of the blue eyeballs. I will be heading off for a much more interesting party now. 

Punch! Charming

 Dear Diary, 

 I took too much time on the test. It is now exactly midnight and they have begun passing out the books. The line is right across the exit and every time I try to sneak through, I am accused of attempting to cut and am pounced upon and beaten. I am just going to have to wait. Otherwise, I will have a black eye, and though that would not look out of place at the Xombie party, it will not wash off nearly as easily as eyeliner. Anyway, the rest of the line appears to be comprised mainly of ogres wearing capes. No way I’m getting near that smell. 

Patiently, Charming

 Dear Diry, 

 Rnning 4 my life. Idiot flpped 2 end and blurted out: “Grom not ogre dspite stench.” Real ogrs on rmpage. Clearing on fire. Grom kdnpped. Sinister on run. Looks bad. Plze publish this if I die. 

Gtg, Chrmng
 
Dear Diary,

I am one of the lucky ones who escaped the ogre riot with all of my limbs intact. There were no deaths, but Grom is currently being held hostage by the ogres, who have been terrorizing the nearby towns all day. Apparently, now that they have discovered that Grom is not indeed an ogre but merely an unfortunate-smelling human, they no longer trust him to speak on their behalf and have taken to doing things themselves the way they want to: violently. 
Unfortunately, this ended up being the safest party to attend last night. Apparently, the Xombie punch tasted awful. Either that, or everyone got very sick for some other unknown reason. In short, Rob, and all of the Xombies, are now a part of the dead dead. 

Night of the dead dead, Charming

 Dear Diary, 
           It turns out that Grumpy, as a joke, put twice the punch mix and half the sugar into the punch, and then sneaked away. He has been a very mischievous boy lately. I think the trouble with the ogres has been getting him down. From what I hear, it is getting worse, and he has been getting into even more bar fights with large insects and rodents over it.

Poor Grumps… Charming

Dear Diary, 

I visited Grumpy at work today, and discovered he has been spying on Snowy, who seems rather down. He hasn’t looked this enthused in quite some time. Not since he beat that praying mantis in a fight last month, anyway. “The Giant and Snowy don’t seem to be getting along terribly well, do they?” Grumpy snickered. “They keep disagreeing on political issues.” Who knew giants even thought about politics? 
“Well, at least we know his stance on the cheese trade,” I said. “I can smell the limburger from here…” 
“Yes, indeed,” said Grumpy, wrinkling his nose. “He seems to be on the ogres’ side in this. Not terribly surprising, the dumb brute.” 
“How is Snowy taking this?” 
“Oh, she will come crawling back any second now.”
“That’s not really what I asked, but… ummm… okay.”
“An ogre stepped on Nancy yesterday, and she has been wailing over it ever since.”
“Nancy?” 
“Her best bird friend. You know, Nancy. Don’t you two talk anymore?”
“Yeah, all the time. She is like, my best girlfriend.” I gave him the eye and left. 

Poor Birdie, Charming

Dear Diary, 

It is about four-thirty in the morning. I have just realized that I don’t actually talk to Snowy anymore. I will have to visit her tomorrow. I will bring a giant snickerdoodle to cheer her up. 

Mmmmm… Charming

Dear Diary, 

Mrs. Brittle is nowhere to be found, so I will have to order from the Gingerbread Man. There is an upside, though. I probably won’t have to pay money for the cookie…. Actually that’s not really an upside.

So… Creepy… Charming

Dear Diary, 

Hows Dstryd. Gtg. 

Ono, Chrmng

Dear Diary,

Grumpy has just received a new name as far as I am concerned. From here on out, he will be call Wrathful. The giant’s basement, being made of cloud, is still intact. Everything else has been pretty effectively smashed. Also, Snowy seems to have found herself in an interesting predicament. Grumpy, assisted by what looks to be the entirety of Cheesaholics Anonymous, has tied her to the cloudy ground using dental floss and toothpicks. I am currently trying to come up with the best way to save her without stepping on any of Grumpy’s little―very little―friends. Or, of course, incurring the wrath of Grumps himself. That’s even scarier than a lawsuit.

Tentatively, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have begun negotiations. There is a sharp light in my eyes, so I can’t write any more for now. 

Writing with my eyes shut makes my eyebrows get red hot, Charming. 

Dear Diary,

“Who do you work for?” the voice demanded from the darkness.
“Um… I am self employed?”
“Tie him up, Joe. We have a tough one. He’s not talking.”
“Yes I am, I-“
“Shaddup.” Fortunately, he couldn’t reach me to deliver the slap that he so needed to emphasize his point. I continued talking with little lapse. 
“I am a minstrel. Grumpy, Chrissy, Wrathful, whatever, is my brother. He is a very angry little man.” 
“We are all angry, but we are NOT little. We are mighty. We took this house, and we took that giant down. We will take the world next, but first, we are going to tie you up with thread.”
“Oh, okay.”
I better go before they tie my diary up too.

Swiftly, Charming

Dear Charming’s Diary 
Allow me to record for all posterity what your owner looks like right now, tied up with floss on the cloudy ground with little men running around on his chest. Beside him is his best friend, rolling her eyes at his utter incompetence. Hanging above their heads from the cloudy ceiling is the unconscious Giant. I think I will enjoy this for another moment and then alert them all of my presence, save them, and make Charming cry once more. 
Jessica The Valiant

Dear Diary,

She’s gone too far. WAY too far. She will pay. Oh yes. She will certainly pay. 

And I know just the way, Charming

Dear Diary,

I have thrown a tea party in Princess Jessica’s honor. She is such a sweet girl, always saving people who have everything perfectly under control, I thought she deserved it. Oops, did I just refill the soy milk container with real milk? Silly me.

Tea time, Charming

Dear Diary, 

The teacup hit the wall. The curio cabinet was very upset. The green shag carpet called the lawnmower over. It was too late. She had drunk deeply, and now, she is paying. 

Mwahahaha, Charming

Dear Diary,

I am very disappointed. It doesn’t seem to have worked. She didn’t throw up, break out in hives, or shrink at all. In fact, Jessica has just left the tea party in a very good mood. Such a good mood, in fact, she let me open the door for her on her way out.

Not feeling so maniacal, Charming

Dear Diary, 

There is a cat stuck in a tree. I have been watching it all morning. Where is Jessica? The cat is two houses down from Jessica’s mansion, and nobody has even given it a second glance. Oh wait, here she comes.

About time. Charming

Dear Diary,

I’m very confused. Jessica’s first words upon seeing the cat were not “Get out of the way,” or “I’m coming, little guy!” but something entirely different. She looked up at the feline, distressed and cried, “Poor kitty! Isn’t someone going to help it?”

….. What? Charming

Dear Diary, 

Jessica’s mansion mysteriously caught fire last night. She sat on the lawn, wailing for somebody to come put it out, and to rescue her beloved curio cabinet. 

As I suspected, she has paid, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I woke to the sound of the ground shaking. The ogres, it turns out, are not too interested in negotiating anymore, and are marching toward the castle now. They will be here in two days. Nose and Grey have put out a last call for laundry. This must be the end. Of the book. Not life in general. I’ll have to get my good stockings washed for the occasion. 

The end is near! Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have sold my possessions, and am ready to stock up on food, to last until the end of eternity. When I went to buy some, Mrs. Brittle, for some reason, was again missing. Her absence has been becoming more and more inexplicable and mysterious lately. I finally found her in the back room, manufacturing eight tracks, and communicating with the other witches. Wait a second, she seems to have just received some rather unpleasant news. 

What is an eight track anyway? Charming

Dear Diary, 

Mrs. Brittle has been kicked out of witch school, and she has switched sides. She has joined the ogres. I will have nothing more to do with her. Wait. What is that? Oh my god, I can’t believe it! Oh, No! 
THE END.
Haha, just kidding. 

Gotcha! Charming

Dear Diary, 

All’s well that ends well, right? Mrs. Brittle couldn’t take the smell that living with ogres involved, and so she re-defected. She is now securely on the side of regular people, or, as I have renamed them, to make things more interesting, the Charmingites. 

Charming, Charming

Dear Diary, 

As the main cook for our side, Mrs. Brittle has thrown herself into the task of feeding a steadily growing army. The Merry Men, mercenaries from Normandy, Mother Goose’s children (a small regiment), and Sinister’s servants have all converged on the castle to fortify and defend humanity. Unfortunately, all of the princes have been taken out of the equation. Their girliness has completely paralyzed them, and so will not be helping at all.

Defendy…Charming

Dear Diary,

I awoke this morning to what I thought was thunder, but turned out to actually be the stomping of ogre and giant feet coming up the front lawn. Luckily, the front lawn is about the size of Normandy, maybe bigger, so we still have some time before they are upon us. 
Unfortunately however, Mother Goose has refused to sign the permission forms to allow her kids to take part in the battle, so we’ve lost a good portion of our army. In addition, Mrs. Brittle has informed me that her nemesis, the Muffin Man, is supplying the ogres with muffins both for eating and for using as weapons. Word is, the groundskeeper’s cabin was blown up today by one of these muffins. 

This is war, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I love the smell of Napalm in the morning. The peasants don’t seem to be appreciating it as much, however. They’ve been in and out all day, complaining that the ogres are burning their crops. Boo hoo. Why can’t they just go to the store like everyone else? 
I did manage to sucker a few of them into joining up in exchange for some food for their families though. We’ve almost made up for the loss of the Goose kids, but I’m starting to think that that’s not even enough. Snowy pointed out that each ogre is about 1.5 Charmings tall, and that each giant is about 10.3. That means we’re going to need a lot more manpower. Hell, we would even settle for womanpower at this point. 
Speaking of which, Princess Jessica is being no help at all. Seeing as we’re in a national crisis, I tried to meet with her on civil terms to discuss tactics, but all she wanted to talk about was her new dress. It’s pink. The color would have looked much better on me, but she refused to sell it even when I offered to pay her 83 Charmings for it. In any case, I left with no pink and no tactics. I’m a little disappointed. 

Revenge isn’t so sweet, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have decided that we will have to settle for womanpower. It has been about ten minutes, and the stomping is reaching a fever pitch. Therefore, it will be necessary to get the witches on our side. We have devised several plans. The first plan is to sacrifice all of our maidens to them. This has met, for some reason, with gigantic disapproval. People don’t seem to realize that we can always just get them back later. Another idea, which doesn’t sound very likely to work, is to talk with Hips, and see what she says about forming an alliance.

People, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I have spoken with Hips. Once again, she has given me a list of things that I must collect in order for her to make a spell that will win the witches over to our righteous side. 
120,000,000,000 gold pieces
2 peace treaties
1 Normandy
5 Positions in the court
34 licorice sticks
And the spleen of a starved goat

I will have to get started. We have only a few hours to make this work, and it had better work, or else this will be very embarrassing.

Here goes! Charming

Dear Diary, 

The peasants aren’t terribly happy, nor is father, but the gold pieces, the licorice, the spleen, and the peace treaties have been secured. Now, we just have to give them Normandy, and the spell will work.

I don’t know how to go about this exactly, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I figured that the best way to secure Normandy is to actually be in Normandy, and go from there. After paying off Hips, and getting her to admit that the spleen was a joke, our purses are a bit pinched. However, I managed to get a special group deal and a cheap room by staying in MandyLand with Snowy, Charming, Jessica, Chrissy/Grumpy/Wrathful, the Gingerbread Man, and the dwarves. I also had to tell them that we are here on an educational field trip, and after getting the dwarves to shave their beards, we make a rather convincing classroom. The rest of us get these cool name tags that say “Chaperone” and we get to ride all the rides for free. 
Another good way to help take Normandy, or so my brilliant mind reasons, is to understand what makes Normans tick. I have had the Gingerbread Man take down Mandy, the huge-eyed, cartoon chinchilla after which MandyLand is named, and tie her up in our room. She has been crying into her gloved hands for hours, but she’ll talk soon. I can tell. In the meantime, Princess Jessica is off in the theme park buying everyone presents. I told her not to buy anything for Mommy. She will be receiving the goat spleen, which Hips admitted she didn’t need, in a box on her vanity. I thought it would make a good consolation gift.

I love presents, Charming

Dear Diary,

Things have taken quite a turn. Remember back when we saved the princess from the hourglass? That sorcerer, Jeff? Well, things appear to have gone poorly for Jeffy since then. He was outlawed to Normandy, where he didn’t have a green card and therefore couldn’t get a decent job. To keep from starving, he started dressing as the female theme park chinchilla which has defined Normandy for the past six generations. 
I never realized the vast importance of Mandy to Norman culture. According to the forlorn Jeff, if you have Mandy, you have Normandy. It seems the people will do anything to keep her safe from harm. Including give up the land their forefathers died for. 

Who knew? Charming

 Dear Diary,

With no help from Princess Jessica, who has been too busy knitting matching monogrammed sweaters for the dwarves to do anything useful, we have taken Jeff/ Mandy the Chinchilla to the Palace of Normandy to make good with our threats. We are currently in line to see the king. According to the sign outside, if the line has reached this point, the wait will be three and a half hours.

I Spy anyone? Charming
 
 Dear Diary,

After earning a few bucks by making Mandy sign autographs for the people in line, and what really was four hours, we finally got to see the King. He was a very ugly little man. He looked kind of like a peasant, really, just in a fur cape. He even had fungus growing on him. It was really gross. But he had to be approached.
 I tried the dramatic tactic first. Charming placed his sword to Mandy’s neck while Snowy held her, and I shouted at the top of my voice, “GIVE US NORMANDY OR THE CHINCHILLA IS NO MORE!!!!!!!” “(More… more… more) (the Gingerbread Man took care of the echo for me.)
The king just looked bored. He even yawned.
“Don’t you get it?” I said. “If you don’t give us your country, we’re going to kill the mascot.”
“What do I care?” scoffed the king. “I’m not from Normandy. I don’t care much about Normandy. I hate that stupid rodent and everything it stands for. Go on. Kill it.”
“You’re not from Normandy? But how are you king?” asked Charming.
“Marriage,” said the king simply. “And a pretty recent one. But you should know that.”
He nodded his ugly head at me. 
“I… should?” I stammered. “Look, I know I probably should, being a prince and all that, but I’ve been a little too busy to keep up with current events….”
“Prince? I thought you were a minstrel,” the king interrupted.
“Oh. That’s what I meant, I―”
“Don’t you remember me?”
I stared at the king. I didn’t remember ever seeing him before, but all peasants look the same to me. He seemed to surmise that, and proceeded to tell me who he was.
“I gave you your first story, boy. You tell me you forgot?”
I thought back. Couldn’t remember. So I flipped back in this diary and found the entry where a nasty, fungus-growing peasant told me the story of Prince Charming and Princess Jessica that nobody really liked very much. 
“Ohhhh,” I said, closing the diary again.
“Look, kid, I’ll tell you what,” said the king... peasant… whatever, leaning forward on his jeweled throne and making his fungus wiggle as he moved. “You tell me a good story, a real, bardly story with action, romance, treachery, and a sex scene, and I’ll give you Normandy. I’ll even throw in the Chinchilla.” 
I just stared at him for a moment, unsure of what to say. 
He went on. “I’ll give you twenty-four hours. Same time tomorrow, I expect the best story I’ve ever heard.”
“And if it’s not?” I asked.
“No Normandy. And the Chinchilla is no more.”

Under pressure, Charming

Dear Diary, 

After much deliberation I have determined the best course of action. I happen to be the possessor of the world’s most brilliant story, and I never even realized it. 

I am so excited, Charming

Dear Diary, 

I went into the court today, with all of the court scribes. They chiseled this great tale into twelve stone tablets, to be immortalized ‘till time immemorial. Here is how it went.

Dear Diary, 

I do so love starting a new Diary. Too bad I have nothing interesting to write about anymore. I am so bored, it is not even funny. Really, the most interesting thing that happened today was when Father made this ridiculous joke that involved a roast, a carving knife, and a peasant losing his head. Terrible. He thought it was hilarious. He can be sooo unfeeling sometimes. I just don’t get him. I think I am about done with doing this whole “prince” thing. It’s just not doing anything for me anymore……. 

I spoke for hours, reading my epic tale in its original form: my one and only holy diary. I threw in a little bit more redemption and sex, but, mostly, it was unchanged, and I was painted in brightly shining, heroic colors by the scribes of the court.
The court stood, and received my tale with open, if somewhat shocked, arms. In that room, Fungus man took me into his embrace, and lead me out, out into the woods. There, he told me his father was a smith, and that he would have been too, had he not become king. But king or not, I could call him simply “Joe”. Joe Smith said I was exactly who he had been waiting for; mushroom man had told him there would be a great prophet to deliver the lost secrets to him. He even gave me a cool nickname. 

I love my job, Maroni

Dear Diary, 

Now that all of the Normans have left to join with us in my land, the witches, under Hips’s spell, have taken Normandy, and have also aligned themselves to the Charming way. This way stretches through both kingdoms. I have called it the “”Middle Path”. They are following The Way here, to help in our struggle against the ogres, which will be coming in about four hours.

I’ll brew the tea, Charming

Dear Diary, 

The hordes have arrived. They found the castle easily, because it turns out that Spitting Stan, after having been mistaken for an ogre, became a spy for them and revealed our position. In addition, the castle is so big, you can see it from anywhere in the land. 
The witches have finally set up camp, and are preparing to act as our allies. This leaves enough time for one last tea time before the ogres get here. 

I’ll have thirty lumps, Charming (Maroni)

Dear Diary,  

I have been appointed scribe for this battle, so I will be recording the proceedings as they occur. 
Alright.
We have a horde of ogres, then Giants. Giants much bigger. 
Ogres closing in…. 
Princess Jessica on lawn knitting…. 
Ogres closing in…. 
Charming going to save Jessica…. Charming trips…. 
Ogres closing in…. 
Me getting up…. Charming sprawled…. 

Charming kisses Jessica………..……………………………………………………………. 
………………………………………………………………….
………………………………………………….

Charming babbling….. Me going to help Charming…. 
Ogres closing in….. 
Charming being picked up by me….. 
Ogres closing in……
Ogre shooting arrow of death at me…....Charming cowering….. Arrow coming……. Gingerbread man….. Gingerbread man leaping in front of arrow…… Ogres… Charming…. Jessica…………… 
And that’s the way the great cookie crumbled, Charming

Dear Diary, 

The castle is down. The stomping was just too much. The giants and ogres have been crushed by our friend and martyr, the castle. A memorial is being built in the castle’s honor, at one-ten-thousandth scale. Unfortunately, Father was in the tallest tower when it fell, but Wrathful, as the rightful heir, has stepped up to his place as king, and will reside in the memorial. 
The Gingerbread Man is the real hero of this story. I had to save Charming to help him save Jessica. The Gingerbread Man had to save me. I am not entirely infallible, it turns out. Who would have thought? I am going to build a much more important memorial for our cookie hero. I am building it at a ten-million times scale. This should put it at about the size of the old castle. Also, as a bigger honor for him, Mrs. Brittle, who has gotten a scholarship to witch school, will be making edible replicas of the Gingerbread Man. 

My hero, Charming
 
Dear Diary, 

Fungus man has agreed to take my place in the bard business, and I have taught him all of the secrets of the past.  Bo Peep’s sheep have returned of their own accord. Jeff is still a chinchilla. Jessica, since she was kissed by Charming upon being rescued, is pretty much back to normal. For some reason, she is having weird side effects, like sidelong glances at Charming, and freakishly short skirts in his presence. Also, it turns out that the reason he did not save her immediately is because he was trying to recite this to her first.

Jessica

Why don’t we just step over the edge
To fall forever or fly
For, after all, if we take that plunge
The worst we could do is die.

Why don’t we just step into the flame
For what can’t we stand to burn?
You know I would walk through fire for you
If a promise from you I would earn.

What is it now that keeps me alive
But your blood rushing through my veins?
What is it now that lets me take flight but you-
The wind beneath my wings?

Pretty cute, huh? 
Snowy has divorced Big, who survived. She has gone back to cleaning flagstones. Mother Goose is still writing, and very unhappy. The Muffin Man has been imprisoned for war crimes, and Hips is ambassador to Normandy, which is being lead by carpet man and his many babes. According to rumor, one of them is quite the storyteller herself.  
Mushroom man, a survivor of the bash, has tried to reinstate Rob’s Xombies. Snowy has helped him to recruit all of the wildlife in the land, and plays bass mandolin. The dwarves are still dwarves. Grom is still smelly. The Merry Men still wear tights, and Nose washes them with Grey. The vine and the bars eloped and have had six children to date. Jerkin is rebuilding his house for the fourth time, and swears no kettle will ever be seen near it again. I contacted my Grandma; she is old and not doing much of anything in particular. 
Now, most importantly, Moi. I have started a business. I decided that after my perfect story for Joe, to continue being a minstrel would be to live in my own shadow. My bardly enterprises have been fun, but I realized what my true talent is: being a prince.
I know what you’re thinking. That I was terrible at being a prince and couldn’t save any princesses and Jessica kept showing me up. That’s why she is my business partner. She can save the princesses and I can save the princes, like I so valiantly saved Charming during that fateful battle. Charming has decided to stay at home with all of Jessica’s rescued kittens, and is back to his knitting, making them sweaters with off-color poetry stitched into the hems. 
Also, I have decided to become an author, and am selling my diaries under the title “The Diary of Man Famed.” No, never mind. That’s no good. I am not sure what I will call it. But believe me, it will be glorious.

Between you and me, Charming









